Timothy Sackton: I, by the way, I stuck the transcript on the Google Drive as live with the for anybody wants to look at it.
Cool.
Timothy Sackton: So you awaken the temple. The statue haven't settled in the night, I'll say the coin got squirted out to the side so it's on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: You're all refreshed and restored. And if you want to investigate anything before you
Timothy Sackton: Head back across the canyon and towards the horse, let me know.
We
Mike Sackton: We were going to look at
Mike Sackton: At how recent was the tunnel down here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I can just use some
Eric Rosenbaum: Geology
David Schwartz: See to know, did the tunnel come up from the bottom or down from the top.
Mike Sackton: So yeah, that would be good to make it to
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation, check with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's for me okay for you. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good thing I
Eric Rosenbaum: Still didn't do very
Timothy Sackton: Good worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the stuff
Timothy Sackton: That's not recent
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's pretty all. I mean, it's not. It's definitely not
Timothy Sackton: You know, in the past.
Timothy Sackton: two to six weeks, but whether it's, you know, two months old, or five years old as a little bit hard to tell.
David Schwartz: You tell with that role if it's
David Schwartz: Like natural
David Schwartz: Is it erosion. Is it a dude with a shovel is
Timothy Sackton: No, it was it's it was excavated by a creature
Timothy Sackton: Not definitely not a person but
Timothy Sackton: Also, probably not natural something done this out.
David Kong: I want to investigate the alters the various alters closely.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inside
David Kong: Inside the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything specifically that you're looking for.
David Kong: Well, I'm looking at in particular at the block and one of course in
David Kong: Chicago in one since that's the thing in town.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Oh, that's so cool and has not one of the major
Timothy Sackton: deities of the Donmar so there's typically there is no second altar here.
David Kong: So there was one
David Kong: Now,
Timothy Sackton: So there's here's all let me I'll put it in Slack. Here are the here are the
Timothy Sackton: Actually I'm reading is the role 20 chat instead of the Slack Chat because role 20 auto save the chat log. Oh.
Well,
Timothy Sackton: These are the
Eric Rosenbaum: Five. What I generally put
Timothy Sackton: YEAH, THE FIVE SIBLINGS. These are the major divine aspects of the of the dead Mari
Timothy Sackton: Song car, the goddess of beauty and truth might be
Timothy Sackton: A little maybe sounds similar just couldn't
Timothy Sackton: There's no sugarcoating altar here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I just
David Kong: I look for artifacts or any
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You know, so I mean you already did a pretty thorough investigation earlier.
Timothy Sackton: Besides the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of spearpoint statue and chanted with the continual flame.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you found a number of of things like bronze chalices, and a breath sensor, sensor and
Timothy Sackton: Heavy bronze statue of
Timothy Sackton: A gear. The God of War holding a
Timothy Sackton: Sphere silver candlesticks. A few of a few additional silver spearpoint and let's mostly
Timothy Sackton: This is all stuff you sort of found before that you don't really turn out much new it mostly seems like items that were
Timothy Sackton: Heavy or difficult to move or small and easily lost was what was left behind, but like this was
Timothy Sackton: Seems like it was, you know, it's been at least partially cleared out
David Kong: Is what about any of that stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you had all you I gathered it all up.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you, you, you probably couldn't carry the heavy bronze statue.
Mike Sackton: Can we put it on the disk.
Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Less than 500 pounds.
David Kong: We can only put it on there for an hour.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the Panthers desk only worth less than
Mike Sackton: Less than hour
Eric Rosenbaum: But then I just quit the coin again.
Mike Sackton: If we could just put it back as be slow, go, I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like a truck that just disappears. Occasionally,
David Kong: How long does that thing need to recharge.
David Kong: Often, can you turn it into the desk for an hour.
Timothy Sackton: You don't really know
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, I have a question about the
Eric Rosenbaum: Obsidian orb
Eric Rosenbaum: I remember there was a text associated with it. Maybe it was a inscription on it that we read
Timothy Sackton: On the
Timothy Sackton: On the there was an iron staff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and the iron staff had
Timothy Sackton: These sort of runes in a strange language which only Kenzo could understand
Which is that
Timothy Sackton: I can. I'll put those in the chat as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm like writing this stuff down and copying down the ruins and everything. Also,
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Here and
Timothy Sackton: Just put that enroll 2020 chat to
Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Black wind
Eric Rosenbaum: Guess it's supposed to mean a long time.
David Schwartz: Did we figure out was that iron staff.
David Schwartz: From the war 300 years ago.
David Schwartz: Can we tell it like it its creation postdates that
Mike Sackton: I don't remember why, but I thought that that was was pretty sure it was an artifact from the Great War.
David Schwartz: I think so, to
Timothy Sackton: Be there was the holy, there was the symbol. There's like an amulet that the zombie hobgoblin is wearing that that is what you are sure was a symbol of Shabbat the iron staff, you never really examined.
Eric Rosenbaum: We definitely took that with us right or did we
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't think we should
David Schwartz: I think we should
Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's look at that, look at that more closely.
David Kong: I was thinking I've had all the suffering.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: So I've still got the, the light right the spirit point like then
David Kong: Is that still working.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That never goes out, it's
Timothy Sackton: 10 you all
Would be
David Kong: nicer way to turn it off about like, put it in the back of my bags that like set it on fire.
Timothy Sackton: Or is it like, no, it doesn't give off any heat
David Kong: It's
Timothy Sackton: Called flame.
Timothy Sackton: Just a. It's just a permanent burning torch.
David Kong: Sweet.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't make item for that, actually, but you could, you can just add, I can add that to your character.
Timothy Sackton: It's a fact Olivia permit torch.
Eric Rosenbaum: Light other torches with it.
Timothy Sackton: You can't let other churches with it because it's cold. It's cold flame.
David Kong: Both, both dealt with and secret can see in the dark.
Timothy Sackton: Right, yeah.
David Kong: Okay, what about while the while we do have a you have a light source of light.
David Schwartz: And a couple of torches, but I think you should hold on to this. I'm better hiding in the dark than I am, shining a light around myself right
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'll add it to your character sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what
Eric Rosenbaum: Was
Mike Sackton: The heart.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the home.
David Kong: I've got it so far, but
David Kong: I could not have it.
David Schwartz: Like cool if anything, you know, you're the YOU'RE THE ONE DONE Mari among us.
David Schwartz: And if it's an artifact of the Denmark, you know, maybe it doesn't matter.
David Kong: Well, why don't we investigate. Let me get back into town a little bit more and see what we can learn about it. Let's see who might be the more appropriate.
Mike Sackton: And that makes sense.
David Schwartz: So, so that the little baby actresses actresses.
David Schwartz: That the head. You said there were, like, two eggs in the middle of this bubbling my
David Schwartz: Were they kaka tries to eggs, which I'm imagining something chicken size would come from like a chicken sized egg.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or like basketball sized be great.
Timothy Sackton: No, they were wow they were
Timothy Sackton: They were sorta
Timothy Sackton: Ah, like bigger than chicken like goose egg size maybe
Timothy Sackton: Or even a little bit thinker, but not like ostracized.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we could write them.
David Schwartz: Just sitting, you
David Schwartz: Like a stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or or incubate hatch and raise them as members of our party. I would love to do that.
David Kong: Does anybody have a like animal handling.
David Kong: Know how to do stuff like that.
Oh really,
David Kong: Yes.
I do
David Kong: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, do you
Timothy Sackton: Are you gonna go back into the caves.
David Schwartz: I feel like it's a bad idea. I feel like
David Schwartz: By virtue of having that animal handling skill I would know it's a bad idea.
David Kong: By virtue of having the animal handling still, you know, I can work possible to do and if are safe.
David Schwartz: All right, I'll give I'll give that a whirl, Tim. Can I, can I do like an animal handling check to see
David Schwartz: If this is ludicrous.
David Kong: Well, it's natural, natural
David Schwartz: Natural
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds like a great
David Schwartz: work fine. I
David Schwartz: Can't think of a single reason, this is a bad idea.
Timothy Sackton: You've never heard of anyone doing it before, but I mean, really, what do you now.
David Kong: Mean I feel like it's still might not be bad to bring into town, you know, and then they could bake in you know somebody there.
David Kong: That may be smarter than us can give us some advice.
Mike Sackton: Now, I hate to be the voice of reason. But do we really want to bring creatures that turned people to stone to town.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's, that's just a hypothesis.
Mike Sackton: That they turn people to stone.
Mike Sackton: These terms.
Mike Sackton: Here just
Mike Sackton: Something
Eric Rosenbaum: That you have a person. Oh, and we did see them turning the line into stone are
Mike Sackton: Also true
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: For shooting that last will
David Schwartz: Down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's some evidence, but it's
Timothy Sackton: Likely that either the lion or the cockpit races are no longer alive because if you recall
Timothy Sackton: Right at the end you heard a roar as you rushed out of the cave.
David Kong: But with the possibility of having like a trained like cocker trees that like can just
David Kong: You know you can like
David Kong: Let it let like a few of them run around and like charged up in a stone.
David Kong: It's pretty not like one day, like you're late for breakfast. It gets
Mike Sackton: Very likely.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have not discussed the question of
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: Did how goblin guy having this very powerful staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in that the connection between those facts.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the entire surrounding environments distortion with respect to
Eric Rosenbaum: Its the creatures doing weird stuff and maybe other phenomena.
David Kong: Well, it feels like that's that's that's what THAT DUDE IS DO IT.
Eric Rosenbaum: He was, he was
Eric Rosenbaum: I think
David Schwartz: We know what
David Schwartz: And we know where but we don't know why or when
David Kong: You know, when though, right, like, wasn't it recently, but all the
Mike Sackton: First attacked
Timothy Sackton: Um, maybe three and a half weeks ago.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: When dealt with pass through here before there was nothing.
Mike Sackton: Unusual
Timothy Sackton: While you didn't pass through here.
Timothy Sackton: And I mean, South further south. Yeah, there wasn't didn't seem like there was anything
Unusual
Timothy Sackton: But you are also kind of delirious. And you're actually not entirely sure how you made it.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: How many miles like 50 plus miles from the ruins to the
Timothy Sackton: shelter of the
Timothy Sackton: herders who you
Timothy Sackton: Who you stayed with it's not entirely clear in your mind. Exactly. But certainly there weren't you know rampaging the beasts attacking you all the time.
Timothy Sackton: We went to made at
David Kong: A picture of the hobgoblin with our phones.
David Kong: And then we can show it to
The
David Kong: Oh, you should drive because gonna dry.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have been sketching things as we go. I was thinking about sketching.
David Kong: You should double escapes the hobgoblin
Timothy Sackton: You can also just
Timothy Sackton: Minor illusion, a picture of it where you go back to town.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good point, good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that some kind of ice cream cone.
Timothy Sackton: Because like
So many count.
David Kong: So anything else that we want to do here.
David Kong: I mean, so we're not remember we're going to leave the country sex is that we're doing.
Mike Sackton: I think
David Schwartz: We know they're here, we can always come back.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
David Schwartz: I'll take some time to map out the area.
Okay.
David Kong: I basically meditate at the locking
David Kong: Up is kind of shot there.
Timothy Sackton: And you're gonna bring the as many of the
Timothy Sackton: religious artifacts from the temple, as you can, but not the statue. Is that right,
David Kong: So, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to try and
Timothy Sackton: Floating guess get all the way back. Well,
David Kong: Here's a question. Does it feel like taking the items is like some kind of desecration or is it like does it feel like this is, you know, just like an old ruins now and it's like not doesn't feel like
Timothy Sackton: No, it's definitely feels like these would be you know somebody back in town would be more likely to be, you know, appreciate these being returned and restored and
Timothy Sackton: adorning a temple where people actually worship, then
David Kong: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: Sitting here.
David Kong: Got it. Okay, cool. Yeah, that case. Yeah, let's take a
David Schwartz: Look, what if we bring you know we want to identify this adventure who got turned stone right he's a man
David Schwartz: Why don't we bring his head back with us.
David Schwartz: Oh geez, because it's a perfect. I mean, it's perfectly
David Schwartz: Your
Mike Sackton: Turn any
Mike Sackton: All done before we
head off.
Mike Sackton: His
David Kong: Editor.
Mike Sackton: Our support.
At all. Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: The effect reverse with
David Schwartz: The cockroaches to pick him again.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: How to reverse that means cockatoos.
Timothy Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can try our economy.
David Kong: Well, because we knew how to do that, then we can take an egg what's less
Eric Rosenbaum: Also true
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you
Timothy Sackton: You've heard
Timothy Sackton: Certainly you know
Timothy Sackton: You've heard that there are powerful magic's that can
Timothy Sackton: Reverse
Timothy Sackton: creatures that have been
Timothy Sackton: petrified. That's something that's relatively common knowledge. Although exactly what that would require isn't clear to you and it's certainly far beyond any magic that
Timothy Sackton: You have access to do. Although, you know, back in the day, right, you
Timothy Sackton: Certainly.
Timothy Sackton: Would have at least heard of or, no, no. Some
fairly powerful
Timothy Sackton: Spell casters who could have done.
That
Timothy Sackton: Whether the creature is you know whether this person is still alive is, you know, is quite a bit less clear. Like, were they were they petrified while they were alive or were they
Timothy Sackton: Or did they turn to stone after they died. It's actually
Timothy Sackton: Unclear question certainly their arms seems to have been removed.
Timothy Sackton: Prior to them being
Timothy Sackton: Ready to fight.
Mike Sackton: We had this whole theory that the cockpit Jesus only permanently petrified dead things
Mike Sackton: How feasible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it be to take the whole statue.
Mike Sackton: How much is that going to source down
Timothy Sackton: Depends on how many times you can
Timothy Sackton: Flip the coin today.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it would be very, it's
Timothy Sackton: It's solid stone life size statue of a human. So, you know, we're not talking about something you could just carry
Timothy Sackton: Your all weaklings, even between two of you probably couldn't easily carry it.
Timothy Sackton: Carry it
Timothy Sackton: Well, the horses on the other side of the Kenyan the real challenge will be
Timothy Sackton: Coming up
David Kong: I think, I think we leave the statue.
David Kong: And then if it turns out there is a way to turn them back.
David Kong: Then you know people in town and go
Mike Sackton: Down.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem likely the statue will be further damage sitting in this temple.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it is so it's missing the arm and the severed arm is down inside
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Schwartz: I'll be right back. Okay.
David Schwartz: Don't, don't wait on Me, keep figuring out a way to get cutter traces
Mike Sackton: I just wonder if we want some way of identifying
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I can illusion out
David Kong: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just have to very carefully memorize what it looks like, I guess.
Mike Sackton: It is weird.
Timothy Sackton: Sketch or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll make a drawing. That's good. I
Mike Sackton: Like, why was he here.
Mike Sackton: With he tried to stop the things were to do something to do with
David Kong: My guest.
David Kong: My guest stopping it. Otherwise he
David Kong: Didn't feel. I didn't feel like he's an accomplished to the top of
Eric Rosenbaum: The line we do. Is there evidence, either way.
David Kong: Well,
David Kong: Presumably the hobgoblin and the country says, well, it feels at least like you know if the hobgoblin was responsible for getting all these animals to behave all weird and crazy because of that the staff.
David Kong: Right then.
David Kong: It feels unlikely that if the dude was a accomplice that
David Kong: You know, either you would. I mean,
David Kong: He he either would have been protected or he himself would not have been
David Kong: Turned down because he would have been on
You know,
Eric Rosenbaum: He
Mike Sackton: I think the hub.
Mike Sackton: Hub goblins been down here for hundreds of years.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong: So the dude feels
David Kong: The guide the adventure guide.
David Kong: But that was more
David Kong: More recent right
David Kong: We thought
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah but
Mike Sackton: But if the hub goblins but down here for hundreds of years. Why did bad things only started happening three and a half weeks.
David Kong: Maybe you found the staff three and a half weeks ago.
Mike Sackton: Now, I think the staffs been down here for hundreds of years.
To
David Kong: Then something turn the staff on
Maybe
David Kong: Somebody activated the staff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's head back.
David Kong: Or green on the staff with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Up to you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think we head back to town.
Mike Sackton: And we see if
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: What's the guy's name.
Can Rosa.
Mike Sackton: Rosa. See if can draw sat there was any magic that could turn somebody from stone.
David Kong: But do we trust in
Kinshasa
David Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think I trust him to
Mike Sackton: Be petrified somebody if he said he could
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure. I mean, Tim, what's my
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you've seen him in passing, you haven't really had a conversation
Timothy Sackton: He's
Timothy Sackton: People in town.
Timothy Sackton: Seem to respect him.
Timothy Sackton: Although
Timothy Sackton: You know, as if anything has been
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: A little bit more hard to track down and hard to talk to
Timothy Sackton: Lately than
Timothy Sackton: Sort of what you expected, right, like his
Timothy Sackton: You know, you'll hear things in the
Timothy Sackton: In the tea house or something about how
Timothy Sackton: Though you know the shock when Mr. I have been more than more than usually quiet lately, or more than usually
Timothy Sackton: Closed lately.
Timothy Sackton: And you haven't heard rumors about i mean
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking,
Timothy Sackton: Of shock when our
Timothy Sackton: Order shaku in order is like the lifeblood of the town. It
Timothy Sackton: Supports the town, it's, you know, still there.
Timothy Sackton: Making their
Timothy Sackton: powders and healing people and you know
Timothy Sackton: Doing these things and so
David Kong: Interesting.
David Kong: I just wonder if some if anything about the town for can somehow linked to the hobgoblin and
David Schwartz: Something happened.
Something
Mike Sackton: Just the other
David Kong: Day.
He said,
Timothy Sackton: I put a hole.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just checking the little thing.
David Kong: Yeah, I just wonder how forthcoming we should be with
David Kong: With Kendra, sir.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me what you want.
David Schwartz: I think
David Schwartz: What we're gonna get from here, right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: Statue and head back to
Eric Rosenbaum: Make this
Tom
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: As discussed last time you do indeed find the horse alive if a little bit thirsty and annoyed at you for leaving it trapped in an earthen box for
Timothy Sackton: What 24 hours roughly
Timothy Sackton: But no real worse for wear.
Timothy Sackton: From the top of the canyon. The the
Timothy Sackton: The bit of a hassle getting all of this.
Timothy Sackton: Stuff you have retreated from the temple off the sheer climb, but your rope is still hanging there. And so that makes it easier
Timothy Sackton: To scramble up and
Timothy Sackton: Once you get to the top. It's, it's not so bad to start a holiday up on the road before you head off and the
Timothy Sackton: Bride along the road seems
Timothy Sackton: Well, first of all, you're going along the road, instead of cutting through that Canyon lands. So it's a it's a similar journey.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems just a little bit more
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly, peaceful, but again there's like sort of bit of tension, even this far out seems to have gone like the you know the animals are or not.
Timothy Sackton: Not every creature this far away was attacking you, but there were certainly you know now that you're writing back you can see the change in the landscape that
Huh.
Timothy Sackton: What struck what things that seem to be
Timothy Sackton: You know, those of you who maybe were less familiar with the areas. Maybe it seemed to be normal. Now CMT was to be disturbed and as you're writing back
Timothy Sackton: You do sense the sort of difference.
Timothy Sackton: That destroying this thing seems to have
Made
Timothy Sackton: But it's rough, it's a relatively uneventful journey back to town. You do up people are starting to gather now for the
Timothy Sackton: For the Festival of rebirth and so
Timothy Sackton: The road is not completely empty. You do occasionally pass people or see groups of Denmark with their sheep or their horses coming in from the pasture land mostly to the north.
Timothy Sackton: Many of whom give you a wide berth as
Timothy Sackton: You're walking from the
Timothy Sackton: From the blasted plane and are a bit of a typical traveling group for this area.
Timothy Sackton: But unless you want to.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, go ahead.
David Kong: I just do when we are speaking to each other, are we speaking in common.
David Kong: Or what are we speaking
Timothy Sackton: You all know both common and mark all
Timothy Sackton: Other languages, you don't necessarily have a common but those to you, but
Timothy Sackton: I assume I mean, probably most people. I mean, the general first simplicity rule is that most people will be well no comment. Even though they would typically speak in their native tongue, just so that because that's a pain to get to a city where you literally can't talk to anybody.
Timothy Sackton: But I'm assuming a general you're speaking
Timothy Sackton: In Denmark, and last year.
Some reason
Timothy Sackton: That
Eric Rosenbaum: Just
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. So it would be
Timothy Sackton: So it's like a day back to go Matt from the
Timothy Sackton: From the
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Canyon land. So that would be like a day and a half, and then it's maybe another two days from from go, Matt. So it's about you know what the time you spent searching in the morning. I think it's probably about three or four days journey back to town.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you want to, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Push it as fast as you can.
Mike Sackton: I think we should try and go as quick as reasonable as being
Mike Sackton: Sort of unsafe. I mean, if we left the town, kind of in a
Mike Sackton: Anxious state, it will be good to report back that
Mike Sackton: We seem to figure out what's going on.
David Kong: We solve all their problems and mission greatest heroes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim when we stop for meals or no. Maybe it like
Eric Rosenbaum: Lunchtime. You say, here's the thing. I'm using my stone sensibility, because I know that somebody mentioned that there were like there's weird stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could dig up along the road side.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, that was
Timothy Sackton: A lash, the scout you ran into
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she was referring to, like,
Timothy Sackton: Relics of old battles mostly say your stone sense to tax.
Timothy Sackton: It went attacked like weapons are generally it's only it's going to detect like minerals or like precious metals or gems or something you could. I guess you could try and find yeah
Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't sense anything
Timothy Sackton: particularly unusual.
When you stop.
Timothy Sackton: Well, let me just check one thing
Timothy Sackton: Now it's it's
Timothy Sackton: You seem to as you've getting as you're getting further west. It seems like that. This area has been more
Timothy Sackton: Like a lot of that probably a lot of the old artifacts and stuff have been have been found this fire this close to carola
Eric Rosenbaum: But you don't really get a sense
Timothy Sackton: That there's anything particularly unusual within your radius.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, anything else you want to do on the journey.
Timothy Sackton: For you.
David Kong: blow the horn while are like kind of out far away.
Mike Sackton: What does it look like again.
Timothy Sackton: It's a, it's like a ram's horn.
Timothy Sackton: Carved with the with like etched with a fine design of a Running Horse.
Timothy Sackton: On it.
Mike Sackton: Where did we find it in the temple.
Timothy Sackton: In the Tao debt.
Timothy Sackton: In the tower next to the body of gun, Marty.
I mean,
David Kong: I guess we could just go and show it to somebody and see if they can help us identify that'd be
David Schwartz: Like what if it's a horn of summoning wild beasts for murder.
But what if it's, yeah.
Mike Sackton: What if it's someone somebody to help us, but you can only use it once.
David Kong: All right, all right, all right, let's not blow it.
David Kong: Save it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would be good announced the the every thousand years kaka trees festival
You know, the good
David Kong: Alright, well, we'll, we'll see if somebody can help us identify it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: Approach the town. You can see that the that the from, you know, from the distance from the outskirts, you can see that the the
Timothy Sackton: Feeling of the town has changed dramatically in the week or so since he laughed.
Timothy Sackton: Many people have clearly the, the population of the town swells for the festival
Timothy Sackton: Right. And you can see now that there's, you know, dozens of
Timothy Sackton: Camps set up on the sort of flat dusty grounds on the sort of outskirts of town sort of to the west and and north of the of the tavern of the caravan. Sir, I
Timothy Sackton: There are sort of many large fields of horses and sheep and goats milling around
Timothy Sackton: Just a general sort of feeling of
Timothy Sackton: Of energy and sort of bustling
Timothy Sackton: A swell of people, there's, there's probably I mean that the normal population of the town is maybe only a
Timothy Sackton: Few hundred people at most. And it's probably at least double if not triple since he left that there's a large. So if you remember one of the features at the time was this large open market that mostly stood empty. It's now starting to fail.
Timothy Sackton: You can see as your sort of coming down in the distance, you do see in the distance. Some brightly colored wagons that
Timothy Sackton: Well be you recognizes probably a
Timothy Sackton: Traveling group of halfway merchants perhaps come into town to sell awareness for the festival
Timothy Sackton: It just, there's a there's a sense of energy.
Timothy Sackton: And and just kind of bustling this about the town that
Timothy Sackton: It was just very much of course much quieter and and much
Timothy Sackton: smaller and more of a not a backwater exactly but just not a lot happening before
Timothy Sackton: So it's late afternoon. Now you had down the sort of the health side where you
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo we're coming down in first saw the
Timothy Sackton: Giant hyenas attacking and find yourself now again.
Timothy Sackton: On the outskirts of the caravans I
David Kong: Shall we head to the temple. Shall we try to find Kendra, sir.
Mike Sackton: I want to find. He said, First she was the one who actually sent us on the
Mike Sackton: Get go off rate, the
Mike Sackton: Town Village elder
David Kong: Yeah, he
Eric Rosenbaum: She's in charge around here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, basically. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's the
David Kong: What's, what's the, what's the governance. Do we have a sense of what the governance of the tunnels like is, is she like
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well there's so there's not really a single person who's in charge, there's a there's a council of elders that makes decisions for the for the town generally
Timothy Sackton: But I mean, it's a it's a
Timothy Sackton: It's a small village. There's not a lot of governance that happens.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Kesa is is sort of informally, the
Timothy Sackton: Head of the Council.
Timothy Sackton: But there's no sort of official or formal
Timothy Sackton: Mayor or
Eric Rosenbaum: Governor whatever as a town, there's
Timothy Sackton: Just a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Informal sense that that she's the one who
Timothy Sackton: Kind of guides the discussions and can sway people to her side.
Timothy Sackton: Generally speaking, the governance of in
Timothy Sackton: This at least the eastern part of Denmark is is pretty
Timothy Sackton: Informal there's not
Timothy Sackton: There's not a lot of it's not, you know, organized in does not like you know
Timothy Sackton: Right baronies when feudal lords, or anything like that. The People's kind of all the land is held in common and the people kind of spread out and graze their herds, and then there's the small villages. There's a few larger towns Kenzo, of course, you spend time outside of Tokyo, which is
Timothy Sackton: A bigger town along a river where there's more agriculture.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it doesn't it doesn't take you that long. Once you know you let it be known around town that that you're back in. And that was certainly people recognize you. And
Timothy Sackton: Just the site of the four of you coming into town. Anyway, creates a bit of a stir.
Timothy Sackton: Simply because it's sort of unusual to see an alpha daughter from the handling all traveling together.
Timothy Sackton: And you know it doesn't it doesn't take you long to to
Timothy Sackton: Hear that for for keys to to hear that that you're back and you find your way to
Timothy Sackton: Sort of through the
Timothy Sackton: So in the main part of the village, there's
Timothy Sackton: The, you know, there's like these sort of my
Timothy Sackton: Adult hots that kind of form small roadways to them. But there's one space that's kind of more open, so there's the area around the oasis that's more open
Timothy Sackton: Then there's another space that's more open that has this like a big public square on one side, there's the similar pantanal building to the one you found in the fortress. THAT'S THE TEMPLE OF THE FIVE SIBLINGS here.
Timothy Sackton: smaller and less grandiose than the than the shakin mysteries which are cart, which is this large monastery carved into the side of the bed cliffs of the mesa just south of town. But then on the other end of this plaza, there's a circular building that
Timothy Sackton: serves us the council chambers.
Timothy Sackton: And that sort of meeting hall for, you know, when the town.
Timothy Sackton: Gets together to have discussions and
Timothy Sackton: And make decisions and
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: You are quickly directed to this.
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: council chamber where you find Kesa
Timothy Sackton: Walking in shortly after you arrive slowly. She's, she's older she has a bit of a limp and
Timothy Sackton: And moves deliberately but she seems quite pleased to see you back alive and turn specifically to to deal with and says,
Timothy Sackton: It's been very quiet the past three days. Do you have good news to report.
Mike Sackton: We found a
Mike Sackton: Source of these disturbances, we believe
Mike Sackton: About three days ago we destroyed it.
Timothy Sackton: That is indeed.
Timothy Sackton: Very
Timothy Sackton: Good to hear
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: With the rumors of that's been, you know, coming in with the travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Gathering for the festival. I've been quite nervous for Kerala.
Mike Sackton: Were there any further attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Not here, but several
Timothy Sackton: Several families were attacked a few days ago by on the road, north of the road coming
Timothy Sackton: Coming from the North.
Timothy Sackton: By a large group of of XP X. I don't know if you've seen them, they're
Timothy Sackton: Human side they're large birds flightless but bigger than a human with sharp claws and sharp beaks.
Timothy Sackton: And sadly, a few people were killed by a marauding horde of them, they're not they're not current. They're not carnivores. They don't normally attack people or animals, but they seem to be in a
Timothy Sackton: While the stories I've heard as they were in a rage and the only way people could. The only way that survivors escaped was to flee on their horses and leave behind their sheep.
Timothy Sackton: That is all that is. I've heard, but that was, well, the survivors arrived in town.
Timothy Sackton: A couple nights ago
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure exactly when the attack happened but
Timothy Sackton: Before, but
Timothy Sackton: More than two days ago.
David Kong: Two more. The name of names of the people that we ran into again on the road.
Timothy Sackton: A lash was the
Timothy Sackton: Stout. Who told you about the
Timothy Sackton: Ruins along the road and said she was going to had for
Timothy Sackton: Had for town after trying to alert people to return as quickly as possible. And then I can was the
Timothy Sackton: older man who
Timothy Sackton: You met at the
David Kong: Us with that that group of guys that all got they were like down the stairs there campsite, and said,
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly, yeah.
David Kong: Whatever. Have you seen a lesson often
David Kong: Asked her
Timothy Sackton: I do not know Aachen.
Timothy Sackton: Alas, has been riding hard to the north and west to warn people of these of these dangers. She reported that she saw you on the road.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe five or six days ago I believe she came into town briefly and then headed back out.
Timothy Sackton: To try and learn as many people as she could.
Timothy Sackton: Aka aka if he is a him and his family are
Timothy Sackton: Likely may be here. There's now we've
Timothy Sackton: had many families come in and set up.
Timothy Sackton: Some
Timothy Sackton: Familiar many
Timothy Sackton: New every year, like we see, and she seems a little bit, you get the sense. She's not like a particularly huge fan of the festival, to be honest, like the town gets busy and she doesn't know people
Timothy Sackton: He's also pretty much directing. I mean, she'll
Timothy Sackton: Answer your questions, but she's
Timothy Sackton: Tends to be focusing her conversation, pretty much. I'm down with and and Kenzo she seems a little bit, just a little bit like maybe even a little bit shy about
People, she doesn't know.
Timothy Sackton: He clearly knows a lash
Timothy Sackton: Do you know what the cause of this, why should, is this something that might happen again.
David Kong: Pull out the staff and just show it to her. We destroyed this
Mike Sackton: Oh, go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: She, she looks at it and she seems
Timothy Sackton: Like she's, she's kind of like mutters, says I, I don't understand this. I am out of my depth here.
David Kong: Do you know who might
David Kong: Be
Timothy Sackton: Understand what this is.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know these these carvings.
David Kong: I do, I can read it.
Timothy Sackton: What, what is it what writing is that
David Kong: It's dragon Korean
David Kong: Know, isn't it.
Timothy Sackton: No.
David Kong: What is it, it's a it's the
Timothy Sackton: Not I'll tell you. Yeah.
David Kong: There's definitely a D in there and okay
David Schwartz: Stop misleading this nice person.
Timothy Sackton: I messaged you enroll.
David Kong: Ah icon it
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally
David Kong: Is totally different.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tricks to chronic like dragons.
Mike Sackton: Dragons Tucker.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's dragons and they're very right. I mean, so that was a dragon.
Mike Sackton: Right. Of course, that's
Timothy Sackton: Dragon for
Timothy Sackton: Your chronic is not something you would see common right it's quite unusual.
Timothy Sackton: She definitely seems taken aback and like like drops it and like takes a few steps back and says, I am I'm at I'm
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what this says I'm
Timothy Sackton: I do not understand.
Timothy Sackton: It's just
David Schwartz: Common and villages safe village is safe.
Mike Sackton: Yes, the we don't
David Schwartz: We think
Mike Sackton: This we think this was an artifact from the Great War that somehow got out.
Mike Sackton: It is somebody going
David Kong: Is there someone in town, you know, that might
David Kong: Be able to help us learn more about this stuff.
Timothy Sackton: I'm Joe. So with now.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't know who to talk to you anyway.
Timothy Sackton: This is all beyond my
Timothy Sackton: This is beyond my experience.
Timothy Sackton: She been water and
And dates and
Timothy Sackton: That's what I know about this.
Timothy Sackton: This is not, this is
Timothy Sackton: It's been
Timothy Sackton: 40 years since anything's come from the, from the east and
Timothy Sackton: That was just a very, that was a bad summer but over quickly and I hope that's not happening again.
What happened as
Timothy Sackton: She kind of size and and looks. Looks kind of
Timothy Sackton: Sad like remembering have a bad memory is the summer of red storms.
Timothy Sackton: It was two months. The two hottest months of the year, there were
Timothy Sackton: Several attacks all across the border.
Timothy Sackton: These creatures, they were
Timothy Sackton: Vicious they were
Timothy Sackton: Almost like hyenas, but on two legs and they would run in packs across the land and if they saw you if they could catch you.
Timothy Sackton: They would attack and they went even stop to wait till you're dead before they tried to eat you.
Timothy Sackton: But within a couple months, something changed and they stopped coming
Timothy Sackton: On it's been safe and quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Ever since
Timothy Sackton: I really hope those times are not coming back.
Mike Sackton: Seeker.
Mike Sackton: The sketch of the man.
Eric Rosenbaum: We found
Eric Rosenbaum: Near the place where we defeated the creature wielding that's trained staff a stone statue of a person who looked like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know nothing about this person.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't look done Mario is definitely not somebody from Cairo.
Timothy Sackton: You might ask it from
Timothy Sackton: The tavern keeper, he, he would know all he likes talking to strangers, he would know all these people coming through.
Timothy Sackton: But I can say for sure he's not from
Timothy Sackton: This, this person is not from Carla.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
David Kong: Tim, are we. Is there anybody else there in this council chamber in our we're just talking directly to her.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's just her
Timothy Sackton: She's the only one.
Timothy Sackton: It seems like she I mean clearly somebody you know you kind of told somebody you were looking for. And somebody went and found her and brought her here.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not like a regular council meeting or anything. And she clearly came straight away from something else. You haven't just sitting here.
Mike Sackton: Waiting for you.
David Kong: Well, I think.
David Kong: To the best of our knowledge and understanding whatever has been causing these troubles recently is
David Kong: I think for now taking care of. We felt certainly a great sense of ease in the land as we upon destroying the staff. So I think our sense is that the festival and everyone that is here should feel safe and she'd be able to enjoy this period, hopefully in peace.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of breathe a
Timothy Sackton: Just a deep sigh of relief and six, she says.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you, comes out.
Timothy Sackton: And looks at you. The door from the office and you. What were your names again.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, the
Timothy Sackton: Word from the halfway
Mike Sackton: Oh, she knows you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll introduce the two of them. This is seeker.
Mike Sackton: And well,
Timothy Sackton: Thank you seeker and while the as well.
Timothy Sackton: I will rest easy tonight has been a stressful few weeks, to say the least and
Timothy Sackton: I will keep you in my prayers
Timothy Sackton: And if you talk to them, tell them
Timothy Sackton: Your, your food and drink is on the town.
Mike Sackton: Is there like a religious leader, other than
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, there is.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the
Timothy Sackton: You probably wouldn't have really had occasion to talk to her. But you do know I'm do my is the is the priestess of Jamali who is the kind of main leader of the Temple of. So usually, so even though that all the temples have
Timothy Sackton: Typically have
Timothy Sackton: Worship of ALL OF THE FIVE SIBLINGS they like, they tend to oftentimes they focus on one and so the temple in the fort was really clearly a temple of
Timothy Sackton: Our gear of the God of War, even though it acknowledged his four siblings. The temple here is really clearly a temple of G volley, even though it acknowledges her siblings consumers like the priestess of Bali, who is in charge of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: The temple is just across the plaza from
Here.
Mike Sackton: I just was thinking maybe we should return the religious artifacts.
David Kong: Meta question on the seeker and while the. Where are you from again seeker of law and while do where
David Schwartz: Will be have to think about what to say.
David Schwartz: Hang on, I gotta look them up.
David Kong: And sticker. Where are you from again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm trying to remember the name of the place.
Timothy Sackton: Where it's in. It's in
Timothy Sackton: It's in America.
Timothy Sackton: It's in your notes. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The city of Derek on
Eric Rosenbaum: On the western frontier of Santa Barbara.
Timothy Sackton: So that's quite a ways north of here.
David Kong: Kansas from charting
David Kong: Yes.
David Schwartz: I would, I would say of the Green Sea is probably
The most
David Schwartz: Encompassing
Mike Sackton: Where is the green see
Timothy Sackton: That's the other. That's the coast have turned in. So
Timothy Sackton: Okay seeker and while the air from like opposite ends of turn. Sorry, I'm sandbar not charging
David Kong: 10, by the way, just whenever you you if you have a picture of the map.
David Kong: Just remind it, we should start each session with the
David Kong: Just like you screen share
David Kong: And remind us where we are.
Timothy Sackton: You know fact
David Schwartz: I'm looking at
David Schwartz: You can't see it on my phone, but
Mike Sackton: Tone is banishing into your virtual background.
Timothy Sackton: You got to put it on your computer you can share your screen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice well
Timothy Sackton: He's been trying to drag them out for a while, anytime you want to start while being here, welcome.
David Schwartz: Gladly. Yes.
David Kong: Should we go speak with the with the inky
Eric Rosenbaum: With the Chrome first. Yes, I think that's a good idea.
David Kong: All right, we go over to the end.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec.
Just disagree once again.
Timothy Sackton: I just emailed you though that
Timothy Sackton: Map to if you want to
David Schwartz: Email myself.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, where, where you want to go to the inverse of the temple first
In
David Kong: It. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And first, okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So the end is, let's see. What do we got here.
Timothy Sackton: In is is not quiet and peaceful. The end is
Timothy Sackton: bustling and
This is not going to be the right music
David Kong: Works.
Timothy Sackton: To Western
Timothy Sackton: We'll go with this. It's not perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so yeah, so the end is it's definitely there's when you are here a week ago, there was, you know, probably almost nobody else
Timothy Sackton: A few other people staying there but not really very many people now it seems like almost every room is fall
Timothy Sackton: There's a handful of people sort of lounging outside
Timothy Sackton: Sitting around with drinks.
Timothy Sackton: In the afternoon kind of chatting to each other. There's the courtyard is is sort of on the outside is full of
Timothy Sackton: Animals. Here we can
Timothy Sackton: Go back to the map.
Timothy Sackton: Back in town.
Timothy Sackton: And just in general, the atmosphere, again, is pretty
Timothy Sackton: Pretty, pretty lively, even though there's still sort of an undercurrent of like people talking about these rumors about the attacks and like, do you know anybody who who was attacked and things like that. But it sees you all see as you all coming in together and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of yells across the room.
Timothy Sackton: Kenza look, everybody. It's the one who killed the hyena.
Timothy Sackton: Do that thing with your staff.
Timothy Sackton: You were supposed to come talk to me and tell me some stories.
David Kong: Oh, I've got stories.
David Kong: To drink. Yeah.
David Kong: What do you have to drink your friend.
David Kong: Yeah, we're
David Kong: We're, we're thirsty.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, wow.
David Kong: Nice.
David Kong: Meat, meat, meat. Well, we have over here from again my secret from where
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm Senior of high keep that's
David Kong: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: I know that
Timothy Sackton: He was, he was staying here before the two of them.
Timothy Sackton: got up and left in our hurry.
Timothy Sackton: Waiting for some more stories of
Timothy Sackton: What was it your you like to talk about seeker some sort of weird geometry.
Eric Rosenbaum: Geology similar
Timothy Sackton: Technology geology.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know they have a lot in common, those two areas.
Eric Rosenbaum: More stories of rocks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just rocks. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He he.
Timothy Sackton: He laughs He now. So the like typical like summer afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: Drink that they serve as like a slightly sweet chilled slightly effervescent, sort of like honey wine made from fermented dates. There's also like a vodka style drink fermented from milk, and then they have
Eric Rosenbaum: We have
Tea.
Timothy Sackton: iced tea men and and a few other kinds as well.
Timothy Sackton: As. Let me know your pleasure on the house.
David Kong: What are you guys having
Eric Rosenbaum: Of a mentee.
Mike Sackton: To
David Kong: Crown. What are you drinking
Timothy Sackton: I'm drinking whatever you're drinking Kenzo
David Kong: You're drinking
David Kong: I asked you first.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'll bring a surprise.
David Kong: Surprise.
Timothy Sackton: He has back in and he goes, gathers up a few things and
Timothy Sackton: Comes back soon with with three tall glasses of tall mugs of like chilled mint tea.
Timothy Sackton: A few
Timothy Sackton: Like snack. Things like flatbreads with
Timothy Sackton: A goat kebabs and to mugs of have a spiced beer sets down in front and says okay story time
Timothy Sackton: As you're
David Kong: Toast.
Who's going for us.
David Kong: Well, we had a question for you. First, I think seeker secret has
David Kong: Has a drawing that you'd like to show you curious about
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a lot to tell. We've explored and seen many things, but we found this one weird thing, which is a stone statue of a guy who looked really surprised. Maybe his arm and recently been bitten off. We don't know, but it looked like this.
Timothy Sackton: He looks. He looks a little bit puzzled for man. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: You say that's us that you
Timothy Sackton: Looks just like
Timothy Sackton: This man named Marcus who pass through here.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, four or five weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Really sit longer
Mike Sackton: arcas what was
Timothy Sackton: One night.
Timothy Sackton: He was kind of quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't say much.
Timothy Sackton: Not from his Donlon up from a rant here. I tried to get him to shy, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Don't see that many strangers coming through, although
Timothy Sackton: To be fair, there's been a few more strangers than usual lately, actually.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit unusual to have coming through in the winter, but
Timothy Sackton: Now that I think about it. I can't say arcas was the first
Timothy Sackton: You kept to himself. He didn't. He didn't
Timothy Sackton: He didn't chat much she
Timothy Sackton: Seemed like he was going somewhere. Yeah, is traveling close just did the one night.
David Schwartz: Did you tell where he was from
David Schwartz: His accent or did he say
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he was to Marty.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where he came from he, you know, that reminds me. He paid with us.
Timothy Sackton: This silver was odd.
Timothy Sackton: It wasn't normal coin, it was
Timothy Sackton: These small coins that had a portrait of a man on one side.
Timothy Sackton: And a, like a
Timothy Sackton: Staff with light shining off of it on the numbers not something I'd seen before.
David Kong: Recognized. So that's from didn't we find my old charting coins in there.
David Schwartz: Remember we were looking at solutions disk itself like the coin that
David Schwartz: Forms the metric disk was a chart and coin and antique charging coin.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds familiar to me.
Timothy Sackton: As
David Kong: My old chart and stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah I master, I sent you a message.
David Kong: Definitely sounds like a chart in that chart and silver coin.
Timothy Sackton: From chart. And that's a ways away.
Timothy Sackton: Wonder what he was doing in these parts. Why anyway he wouldn't tell me
Mike Sackton: He talked to anybody else. Always here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's a good question.
Timothy Sackton: He, you know, he might have talked to
Timothy Sackton: The Smith Josue
Eric Rosenbaum: The Smith.
Timothy Sackton: He was asking.
Timothy Sackton: He was asking about about
Timothy Sackton: You know who knew about metals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Medals
Timothy Sackton: seemed interested in artifacts for some
Reason.
David Kong: Well,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I thought maybe he had
Timothy Sackton: He had picked up something on the road, you know, people often find, you know,
Timothy Sackton: spearheads or or or bits of horn or sometimes even shields or weapons along the road, you know, there was a, you know, in the Great War, there was a bunch of battle sites around here.
Timothy Sackton: Not so close to carola actually you may not know this, but the Temple of shaku here actually dates from before the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: But certainly along the trade rather there was
Timothy Sackton: Certainly some battles.
There.
Timothy Sackton: People you know
Timothy Sackton: People say there was a few great battles here that you know
Timothy Sackton: Some of the great heroes of that age might have even rode through here and
Timothy Sackton: I don't know, maybe he found some
Timothy Sackton: Maybe he found something on the road.
David Kong: You know, this is, you know, when town might might have a sense of knowledge around artifacts to might
David Kong: Be able to
David Kong: Identify artifacts or tell us more about some some artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know,
Timothy Sackton: You know, actually, the person who is the most interested in.
Timothy Sackton: In the history of the Great War around here. I don't think she's around right now though is a leash.
Timothy Sackton: A lash. Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's who we are. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's even on the road, um,
Timothy Sackton: Every time she stopped. She
Timothy Sackton: keeps asking about, oh, has anybody find anything new.
Timothy Sackton: There any more things I can try and collect from my amateur sleeping if Chrome. What's. Have you heard about battle saints.
Timothy Sackton: That's who I'd asked if I wanted to know about some denari artifact, but I think he had a North
Timothy Sackton: Before you is, well, let me just stop and say,
Timothy Sackton: I assume the fact that you're
Timothy Sackton: All back here in one piece. And nobody's dead means that whatever was attacking our town is gone.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Of course. Well, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Alicia God
Timothy Sackton: Had gone to warn people and
Timothy Sackton: You know, and try and get people to town.
Timothy Sackton: Sadly, she didn't warn everybody. I don't know if you heard, but there's been
Timothy Sackton: A few people have come back recently after reporting attacks. I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of gets kind of sobering quiet for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: You know, there was there was a Aachen, whose family, I believe, is now camped out on the
Timothy Sackton: outskirts of town for the festival
Timothy Sackton: And he said he
Timothy Sackton: Oh, maybe it must have been you. He was talking about. He said he met some travelers on the road, who had
Timothy Sackton: Killed some beasts, but his family was attacked by giant lizards and there's another traveler. There's another done Mario past Orleans to family who's come in.
Timothy Sackton: Nevada, who
Timothy Sackton: His family was attacked by X beaks these large birds that have
Timothy Sackton: sharp claws and and
Timothy Sackton: And sharp beaks that normally don't even attack people or animals. They're not even
Timothy Sackton: Really predators.
scavengers.
David Schwartz: Let me ask you, but it speaks because I've been curious this whole time. I haven't seen one yet. And I really want to. How often are experts.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: We were just talking about a silver subjects. So let's have a moment of silence for the for the dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: The pauses for a sec.
Timothy Sackton: But in town for the festival
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: You might want to try out the XP.
Timothy Sackton: Writing competition.
David Schwartz: The X. Yes.
David Schwartz: Competition. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It's it will be
David Schwartz: Question.
David Schwartz: Is how much money right now.
How much
David Schwartz: Because you need to take all of your money.
David Schwartz: And put it on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you talking to me.
David Schwartz: I'm talking to anyone who can hear me right now.
Timothy Sackton: There's a number of writing and
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: competitions that happened in the in the after the festival with the big fair and and celebration and
Timothy Sackton: Well, the archery and horseback competitions.
Timothy Sackton: Tend to be more artful displays a skill, I have to say the XP writing competition is one of my
Timothy Sackton: Favorites because I have never seen so many people
Timothy Sackton: Fall comically off an animal before
Timothy Sackton: So if you're in town, try it out.
David Schwartz: You mentioned to that other
David Schwartz: You've seen more travelers than usual coming through, especially in the winter, where there are others like this last guy.
Timothy Sackton: Like our guests.
David Schwartz: I mean ones who struck you as
David Schwartz: Unusual
David Schwartz: Not just
People you know
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that maybe
Timothy Sackton: You know, we get some
Timothy Sackton: Odd types coming to try every now and then the the
Timothy Sackton: Temple of Chicago, and as a bit of a sight to see, I must say. And the resume says unusual in these parts.
Timothy Sackton: So you never quite know who's coming through. And every now and then some, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Wilds thrill seeker will head out to the east to see what they can find most of those never come.
Timothy Sackton: Back, I have to say.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'd say maybe a fewer might have been like him sort of quiet and
Timothy Sackton: kept to themselves and stay long.
David Kong: Anybody else with these charter boys.
Timothy Sackton: I can't remember. I'm sorry.
David Kong: Yeah, we understand
David Kong: But I know you're in search of stories. I will share one part of our adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: As a part of
David Kong: I think what helped to keep the village safe.
David Kong: We had to battle with seem to be some kind
David Kong: Of strange hobgoblin sorcerer of some kind. I've never seen anything quite like it and
David Kong: I wonder if you heard of anybody like that or heard of anything about hop goblins spell casters
Timothy Sackton: hobgoblin sorcerer. He like makes out
Timothy Sackton: Like five pointed star like siblings keep us safe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I don't really want to hear about more hobgoblin sorcerers.
Timothy Sackton: Keep them in the blasted
Planes.
Mike Sackton: rather hear about how a
Mike Sackton: Seeker built a barn no door.
Mike Sackton: My horse.
Timothy Sackton: That is quite interesting. Ah, the horse happy though.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was temporary and strictly out of necessity.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know, Bruce Lee out of the natural
Eric Rosenbaum: No doors.
How
Timothy Sackton: How did you build a bar.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have some
Timothy Sackton: In the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Powerful abilities to manipulate stone and earth.
Mike Sackton: He waved his hand and said, mumble bumble and there was a barn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Little more complicated.
Timothy Sackton: I'd like to see that someday.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you can arrange a demonstration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we'll get your chance.
Timothy Sackton: Fascinating.
Timothy Sackton: You've got some of that magic mumbo jumbo. Don't you
Mike Sackton: can't build barns, though.
Timothy Sackton: True, true.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if you know anything about chickens that can turn each other to stone.
Timothy Sackton: Again,
Timothy Sackton: I have never heard of a chicken that can turn something
Eric Rosenbaum: Down.
David Schwartz: It can lizards.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or something chicken leg.
Timothy Sackton: Pocket races. Is that what you're talking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: We think that's what those were yes
Timothy Sackton: They, they live out in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Farrah. They're kind of past sometimes but
Timothy Sackton: The nice thing is that if they don't
Doesn't seem to last.
Timothy Sackton: Ernie to stone.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a minute later, you're back to normal. I
Timothy Sackton: Heard of
That as a
Timothy Sackton: I heard a story from from one of my friends. She told me that one of her sheep got turned the stone once
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. And this little cottage cheese and the sheep just kept packing at each other and the sheep would turn this down and then the car countries.
Timothy Sackton: seems odd that they turn things to stone because
Timothy Sackton: What do they eat.
Timothy Sackton: Fair never thought about that.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway,
Timothy Sackton: She ran off and she left the sheep because she
Eric Rosenbaum: Did not want to be turn to stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Timothy Sackton: Actually was running away on horse, the sheep heard back then the cocksure is packed it again, and it turned back to stone.
Timothy Sackton: And I think eventually
Timothy Sackton: She was gone.
Timothy Sackton: And then I don't know what happened.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, but they
Timothy Sackton: Are not common.
Timothy Sackton: But they're around. I've seen him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I haven't seen them.
Timothy Sackton: I know people who have seen him in the desert. He
Timothy Sackton: They make them dig underground, they
Timothy Sackton: lay their eggs in
In
Timothy Sackton: caves and
Timothy Sackton: Underground pits supposedly
Timothy Sackton: That's what I've heard, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if we should go find that Smith.
Mike Sackton: So you've never heard of a COX trees.
Mike Sackton: Turning somebody to stone forever.
Timothy Sackton: I've only heard of this one cheap. I don't know what happened.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: Have you by any chance heard of any magic that might
Mike Sackton: turn you back.
Eric Rosenbaum: And dresses, the one to ask about magic.
Timothy Sackton: Sure, I'm I'm
Timothy Sackton: The best I can do is is a core a nice tea or or mug of beer.
David Kong: And dresses and
Timothy Sackton: I've gotten me
Timothy Sackton: I can dress is probably at the temple. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It's gotten court towards dinnertime. Why don't you, why don't you stay in talking to go find
Timothy Sackton: These people in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Happy that urgent, I don't know, maybe it is
David Kong: You know,
David Kong: I think maybe we'll go and
David Kong: Try to learn a little bit more. And we'll come back after for
David Kong: Dinner.
David Kong: How's that sound to you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would like to eat late
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I'll save you a table.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And our rooms, because I've
Eric Rosenbaum: only got a few left, but I can
Timothy Sackton: Save them for you if you need them.
David Kong: That would be amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We do. Yep. Okay.
Don
David Kong: Graham. You're the best.
See you later.
Timothy Sackton: Also has his own
Timothy Sackton: Now, what has his own room. He has a house across the room above it hot tea house across the street.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And stabling for the horse.
Timothy Sackton: The horse obese probably stabled
Timothy Sackton: Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, actually. Yeah.
David Kong: What did the armor guy have again.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Smith, we think, oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Mystery guy Marcus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smith.
Timothy Sackton: Our guests.
Timothy Sackton: Our guest was the name of the
Mike Sackton: Stone guy.
David Schwartz: Charting adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: Why don't we, I agree with seeker. I feel like we should learn a little more about our guests. Before we talk to dress up
Mike Sackton: Yes, definitely.
David Schwartz: Agree to
David Schwartz: And it's interesting that, I mean, it suggests that people in charge know about this.
David Schwartz: They knew that there was something there.
David Schwartz: To go after
Eric Rosenbaum: Right or wrong caused it.
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: The other possibilities that that the staff is from charting
David Kong: And that
Eric Rosenbaum: And that the hobgoblin guy like took it.
Eric Rosenbaum: From
David Kong: Or
David Kong: Or gets brought it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brought it to him somehow. Right, exactly.
David Kong: This is four or five weeks ago. This is right around the time when everything started getting crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or that arc is like found it dug it up and got killed by the goblin or something.
David Kong: I don't think that's too.
David Kong: I don't think it's a coincidence that all this madness happening and arc is showing up or
David Kong: Coincidence.
David Kong: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: What there's clearly a German car Patrice it's center of it all.
David Schwartz: It's a long reach from here to chart and
Eric Rosenbaum: How many months or how many days travel
David Schwartz: Now you know share screen two
Eric Rosenbaum: Weeks yep weeks.
David Kong: Oh yes, your share screen.
David Schwartz: Stuff because you cannot start screen sharing with the
David Schwartz: Other participants sharing
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I gotta stop the
Eric Rosenbaum: Music God
David Kong: Fearing Dear, dear, dear, dear did it.
David Kong: Did it did, it did it.
Timothy Sackton: While he has been busy.
Do you
Timothy Sackton: Use the good map.
David Kong: Did he didn't do anything.
David Schwartz: Recently, the good map that
Timothy Sackton: The you
David Schwartz: Know there wasn't anything in that email.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
David Schwartz: So I deleted it. Assuming that I
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Schwartz: No, no. Come, please.
Mike Sackton: Too many X peaks around here.
David Schwartz: Do not enough.
David Schwartz: Know,
David Schwartz: Yes.
David Kong: He didn't. He didn't
David Schwartz: Oh, yeah.
David Schwartz: That's much our summer.
David Schwartz: Oh, this looks so good.
David Kong: About this one being clean shooting shooting Peter do
David Schwartz: All right, all of this.
Timothy Sackton: Is amazing now.
David Kong: Working on
David Kong: dinklage, peter dinklage, peter dinklage, peter
David Kong: Peter day
David Kong: Wow.
David Schwartz: Isn't that amazing
David Kong: Holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I've had this
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. It's not got like a blue.on it though.
Timothy Sackton: How did you make the arrow is right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Carol.
Mike Sackton: You see me.
Timothy Sackton: In Photoshop.
David Kong: So this is
Eric Rosenbaum: So this appear in that direction. It's like the green
David Schwartz: Sea and all that stuff. So I didn't really map any
David Schwartz: Of that
David Schwartz: Because it's already so well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Map.
David Schwartz: This is sort of the maps of my travels on this side of the mountains.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm waiting.
David Schwartz: For the right now. This is go Matt and then this is carola
David Kong: What you probably can't see my mouse.
Mike Sackton: Oh, and now we go yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and then there's the fortress just beyond the
David Kong: 400 fortress.
Mike Sackton: And the giant
Mike Sackton: Has on the road yet.
David Kong: Where's
David Kong: Where's charted
Mike Sackton: Charlton's way up there.
David Kong: Up there.
There's Charlize
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: And drain course South right
David Schwartz: Thinkers down
Mike Sackton: Somewhere where the one of the dragons.
Timothy Sackton: So one of the dragon.
David Schwartz: At some point this rubber meets the see maybe and that's where drinkers are was
Timothy Sackton: I mean, but you don't really know
Timothy Sackton: None of you.
Have
Timothy Sackton: This is, this is the delta i mean obviously Welby knows a lot more about some
Timothy Sackton: Bar, but this is your like adventure map. So you didn't bother mapping that everything that you know about charting is mostly just hearsay.
David Schwartz: And then you've been mapping the
David Schwartz: This is, this isn't this age. Right.
Timothy Sackton: That's new. In this age, and that's Western done or that's like the
Timothy Sackton: Dunbar's kind of split into these there's like the traditional path star last horse riding culture in eastern Denmark and then people have settled down in the
Timothy Sackton: This is much more fertile. There's, there's more.
Timothy Sackton: Agriculture, it's wetter
David Schwartz: This drinker been mapped in this age.
David Schwartz: Like it use you know maps from the last stage might say that you see on the coast, but maybe, maybe not now.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody that you know of has been to drink or in this age now.
David Kong: What about where's the alert monastery.
Timothy Sackton: Right here.
Timothy Sackton: This giant, giant pit in the ground.
David Kong: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: And and seek or you would be from
Timothy Sackton: Sort of just north of this
Eric Rosenbaum: Until
Timothy Sackton: It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing that I saw in my travels
Timothy Sackton: Faster.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was the Ulrich monastery. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this, this sort of up here, the far north mountain is where is roughly where
Timothy Sackton: And this is the green see over here.
David Kong: Is that the green see east of San Bara whether
David Schwartz: It's like the Western most edge of green see
David Kong: That's where your phone.
While be
David Schwartz: Yeah, you know, I grew up on boats around the greens. See, and then as I got older, we were mostly all over the place in Santa Barbara.
David Schwartz: And then
Done with where you can that
Mike Sackton: That Tim, where, where was that was from
Timothy Sackton: I don't know where do you want to be from
Mike Sackton: We never were.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys.
Mike Sackton: I don't remember where the emphasis
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so a bunch of our lives lived in this big for in the like.
Timothy Sackton: slopes of the mountains on this big forest.
Timothy Sackton: And then there was more of that live
Timothy Sackton: Further north. There were scattered populations of elves like over this lake.
Timothy Sackton: Was like near where kinds from
Mike Sackton: Who would have been from wherever the biggest
Mike Sackton: Serious
David Schwartz: Group was near
Timothy Sackton: The lake on the far
Timothy Sackton: On the far right side of the map.
David Schwartz: Oh, that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and then barrel is like right under the Al of the plane glands is where barrels.
Timothy Sackton: And then elves would probably be some would be sort of over by the lake, some in this big for us some further north
Mike Sackton: What was the what I mean. What's the sort of
Timothy Sackton: biggest and most of the big western slopes of the of the central mountains would be the biggest and most
Timothy Sackton: Accomplished
Mike Sackton: All that that's where deluxe from
Timothy Sackton: But they're pretty much all God now.
David Schwartz: We're just
David Kong: Trying to
Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that and unlabeled city in the middle of the planes on the west side there.
Timothy Sackton: That's just another city on that. That's like the border of Donmar
Timothy Sackton: That's just something. Well, we just had heard of that, there's this is not this road continues, but you just don't know.
Timothy Sackton: This is just well be is not entirely sure exactly
Timothy Sackton: Know are charting is just because everybody knows we're charging is
Timothy Sackton: This town. You've heard of
Timothy Sackton: On the border of john Maher
Timothy Sackton: You Scott this
David Schwartz: Is like the major landmarks and stuff copied over from
David Schwartz: Other maps.
David Schwartz: And then it's like a detail as it goes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right so so well. We've got more maps like this.
David Schwartz: I mean, I have my own notes from up North, but I really only started this project is once I came over these mountains and headed south was when I got serious
David Schwartz: Is this is
David Kong: Not
David Schwartz: You know the maps. Well, the maps and symbolic a lot of detail around Dunbar
Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been you know sketching my observations of ley lines, but
Eric Rosenbaum: It's more of a piecemeal approach. I would love to integrate and synthesize these
Eric Rosenbaum: Findings all together. Your, your larger scale maps could help with that.
David Schwartz: Interesting project.
David Kong: These ley lines move senior
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: My impression is that's a bit like asking if mountains move. Yes, yes, of course they do.
David Kong: But slowly over time.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's my impression. And occasionally, all of a sudden catastrophic Lee like at this point on the map. And I point to the
Eric Rosenbaum: Giant rupture in the belt of mountains to the north.
David Kong: What happened there.
Eric Rosenbaum: On my way south from my home, which is up here in the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: I traveled past this region.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like something, shall we say, rather dramatic happened there.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we were to believe the stories of the Great War. It was the focal point of a cataclysm and I could certainly see disruptions in the ley lines shapes that they made patterns of
Eric Rosenbaum: Bending and turning that
Eric Rosenbaum: They wouldn't otherwise do that they don't normally do.
David Kong: So beautiful map.
David Kong: Shall we
David Kong: What's the name of the Smith.
Timothy Sackton: Josue Josue
David Kong: Shall we, a lot of fun Josue
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yes.
Mike Sackton: When I am Tim
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you probably have
Timothy Sackton: Talked to, I don't know if you'd have
Timothy Sackton: Caused probably. I mean, when you got your horsey might talk to them for getting horseshoes and things that you you would have met him a few times, at least.
Timothy Sackton: The most of the the shops and
David Schwartz: Keeping them the map up and roll 20
David Schwartz: Is that possible, and then we can each
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, definitely.
Great idea.
David Kong: Yeah, she's the default, the default map.
David Kong: So sweet.
David Kong: Can you
Timothy Sackton: Draw those mountains.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a
Timothy Sackton: I used a stamp in Photoshop. There's a, there's a huge community on Reddit of fantasy cartographers
Timothy Sackton: Who are hosted on Photoshop stamps and so you can just, it still takes a bit of like practice to get it so it looks natural. But all of these are just are just stamps.
David Kong: And their unique. I was like I was like studying the mountains to see like, which ones were the repeated there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so I, yeah, I am.
David Kong: Downloading
Timothy Sackton: That have set of stamps that has something like 40 different mountains stamps and like a number of
Timothy Sackton: So that they, you can make these there are, you will see there are some duplicates, it's not perfectly, but if you arrange it right you can make it so it looks quite
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't look repeated it was quite a lot of fun to do, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like the maps in The Lord of the Rings books, a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's, I mean, that's what it's inspired by, I just need to download that I need to get this from Hold on one sec.
Timothy Sackton: upload it to 20
David Schwartz: Do you have the whole map in Photoshop like as
Timothy Sackton: I do but
Timothy Sackton: It's in it's in the it's in the, the original map I sent you style is more notes and I've been slowly converting it to the, like, cool.
Timothy Sackton: You know fantasy graphic style but
David Schwartz: Like us a nice I or is it is it
Timothy Sackton: Is my actual
Timothy Sackton: No, no, it's all vector art.
Timothy Sackton: I've been doing it on Adobe fresco on my iPad.
Timothy Sackton: With an Apple Pencil, it's quite fun actually to kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'll drop you all on the map page now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey there, you
Timothy Sackton: Are just turn off the grid.
David Kong: That's so sweet.
David Kong: Oh, it's really high resolution to you can zoom in on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, oh yeah.
David Schwartz: That's great.
David Kong: Do what is this, what is this fortress thing south of go Matt southeast of gum at
David Kong: A little tower.
Timothy Sackton: Another thought is that is
What was its name.
Timothy Sackton: Carson
Mike Sackton: Are we supposed to know what person is
Timothy Sackton: That's where you landed.
Oh, OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so let me I can go back to sharing my music now. Oh, yeah.
David Schwartz: Some blacksmith.
David Kong: Sweet.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a sweet. Let's check out the blacksmith, Jess.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: He is as you. So there's the sort of street where we're down with has has rooms and the
Timothy Sackton: That this the caravans or is on, there's like a series of leg shops along that street mostly like various crafts people who who live about their shops. So the Smith is there and there's like a
Timothy Sackton: What do you call the
Timothy Sackton: Teller Taylor and I like hosiery and and a cobbler and all the that's like pretty much the like.
Timothy Sackton: Where all the you know those people live and
Timothy Sackton: You get to Jesse, Is the blacksmith shop, pretty much as he's finishing up in the
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what I did with my town images as well as he's finishing up in the
Timothy Sackton: He's like just sort of dowsing his, his forge and getting ready to
Timothy Sackton: Head in for dinner, and he sees
Timothy Sackton: Dallas. He sees you coming any sort of turns and
Timothy Sackton: Got else can I can I help you do need something
Mike Sackton: Apologies for catching you at the end of the day, but
Mike Sackton: We had a few questions, but a man, you might have
Mike Sackton: talked to several weeks ago.
A trophy is I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah, what if you give me a moment. He's like an older man sort of bulky solidly built
Timothy Sackton: I'm, I'm just putting away on my stuff now. And I was about to head to
Timothy Sackton: Crumbs for just to have a drink in the coolness of the evening. If you'd like to, to come that way and join me, I'd be happy to chat.
Force.
Timothy Sackton: So he takes a few minutes to kind of store his gear and just clean up the the smithing area and says, Okay, let's head along and he can tell he's probably hear a lot
Timothy Sackton: From CZ coming. Anyways, he says back and jaci sort of heads to the regular table and he says sits down
Timothy Sackton: From brings you all more drinks of the same thing you're drinking before
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what would you like to talk about
Timothy Sackton: This is Josue
Mike Sackton: I'll gesture to see care.
Mike Sackton: There was a man
Mike Sackton: Here a few
Eric Rosenbaum: you're muted close cousin.
Josue
Mike Sackton: Though the archive archive.
Mike Sackton: Archive is the man here a few years ago.
arcas
Timothy Sackton: Elf. Would you introduce me to your friends.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yes, of course.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce the three of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I take out the drawing to show him.
Timothy Sackton: That looks familiar.
Timothy Sackton: It was a man who is here several weeks back.
Timothy Sackton: went by the name of arc s i believe
Timothy Sackton: He talked to me because he had found something. I don't know where, actually. He seemed quite interested in
Timothy Sackton: Ancient of d'amario artifacts from the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: LITTLE STRANGE. Actually, I don't know why the target audience. I think he was from there was definitely not Denmark, he is from out West somewhere chart in or somewhere in that direction.
Timothy Sackton: I don't, I don't know why he would have taken an interest in our history.
Timothy Sackton: Artifacts, but he seemed to that's what he seemed to care about
Timothy Sackton: And he had a couple of spearheads that he had found
Timothy Sackton: silvered um
Timothy Sackton: And wanted me to have them for him. He seemed to indicate he was expecting to be traveling back through town in the next couple of weeks, but he never came back. Where did you. Where did you say you've got that picture.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: I I drew the picture of him.
Eric Rosenbaum: What
Timothy Sackton: What did you meet him.
Mike Sackton: He's um
Mike Sackton: He encountered an accident.
That
Eric Rosenbaum: To be honest, we're not quite sure what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: We found a stone statue of him, to be precise.
David Kong: Seems Akaka tree Scott him.
Eric Rosenbaum: As far as
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: To be honest, I can't say I'm too upset, he was
Timothy Sackton: seemed a bit pushy.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know
Timothy Sackton: This land is this
Timothy Sackton: I got the fence. He wanted to come dig up our history and bring it back somewhere with him. And I don't know about that.
Timothy Sackton: seemed rather I'm
Timothy Sackton: sure of themselves.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: You made her as our mind that
Eric Rosenbaum: You mentioned he asked you to do something to those spear points would what exactly was it again.
Timothy Sackton: Hi. Oh, he wanted me to have just a patch them to a wooden to make them into weapons right there. Just the spirit point
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Mike Sackton: The spear points he found them on the road.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he didn't say exactly I kind of assumed that I guess.
Mike Sackton: And
Would you be
Mike Sackton: Willing to a show us them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'd be happy to. In fact, it's a bit odd, they seem
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: It's silver or even silver medal shouldn't be that hard to work.
Timothy Sackton: But it, I don't know, I haven't been able to have them. They seem to be
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what to say about them. Exactly. Other than they seem to be resistant to my attempts at sniffing them.
Timothy Sackton: Like, almost. They don't want to be
Timothy Sackton: damaged during quite good condition. They seem rather new
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm a artists and myself, but mainly of stone and glass. So I'm interested to
Eric Rosenbaum: Hear about your experience.
Timothy Sackton: Artists in
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Well, so he sort of goes into a long description of like nothing and like talking about all the technical details of exactly how you put spears on
Timothy Sackton: On wood in the best practices and things like that. It's like the punch line of it all is that he couldn't. He just seemed like he couldn't drive
Timothy Sackton: He couldn't drive anything he couldn't melt the metal or Reforged it in any way or drive anything into it.
Timothy Sackton: seemed like it was way harder and more resistant to heat than it should be, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim did we find things like that in the temple, did we find some spearpoint
Timothy Sackton: Just
Timothy Sackton: Just someone amulets ambulance. It was so all your
Eric Rosenbaum: Holy Spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Right. That's a it was a it's not although you ended up using it as a weapon. It wasn't technically a spear. It was right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, a holy symbol of our gear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we'd love to see those spear points.
Timothy Sackton: I'll come by my shop in the morning I'll, I'll dig them up for you.
Thanks.
David Kong: And Josue. Do you know much about other artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: The person you should talk to you if you really want to know about the Mario artifacts is a lash. But I think echo told me she's out she was writing to tell people about the beasts.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong: If she were to return you know where we might build a finder.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I'm sure she'll stop in it crumbs. She'll come here to just
Timothy Sackton: Say hello to people.
Timothy Sackton: She does have a
Timothy Sackton: She lives in the village, but
Timothy Sackton: She's not hard to track down
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you ever made a harness or saddle for a XP.
Timothy Sackton: You think of entering the competition.
David Schwartz: No, I'm thinking of winning.
Timothy Sackton: The thing about XP, it's
Timothy Sackton: Not really a saddle year I tend to tend to work strictly in metal not leather.
Timothy Sackton: The thing you got to remember XP as their backs are not flat they slow like this.
Timothy Sackton: So if you let go for even a second guess where you're going to end up
Timothy Sackton: On your but
Eric Rosenbaum: It's spoken like words from experience.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I have never entered the competition. That's for younger than me.
Timothy Sackton: It's quite fun to watch, though.
Timothy Sackton: Although, I must say.
Timothy Sackton: It gives me. It gives some amusement, but the skill and talent displayed in the horseback riding events are more my taste.
David Kong: It turned to
David Kong: The rep, the party.
David Kong: There anything else we should talk to you about
Eric Rosenbaum: There is that one thing that we could show that we have. That's kind of weird.
David Schwartz: Which thing.
The
David Kong: Spine other places, Sean.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I agree.
David Schwartz: Just
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't want to just swing that thing out into the tavern.
And
David Kong: Tomorrow morning, when we, when we come back to look at this to
David Kong: The metal. Maybe we can show them that
Huh.
Mike Sackton: How long ago just remind me, Tim, you said before, but this guy was here.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Timothy Sackton: Heard like several
Timothy Sackton: Weeks like four to five weeks.
Mike Sackton: Something he got
Mike Sackton: So the first attacks were after he had passed through
Yes.
David Kong: Feels like he got that staff.
Mike Sackton: It does a little bit
David Kong: Maybe
David Kong: She got 500 so
David Schwartz: I wonder if we want to talk to the half links first
David Schwartz: I'd be curious what they know and if they've come on the road between here in
David Schwartz: Charleston. What sort of designs. The chair donations has sending people here to dig up the denari artifacts.
Mike Sackton: Although just because somebody has a charity and coin does not make them Chardonnay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Airplane
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's hard to get your sense
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Could have been a wanderer.
David Kong: Yeah. When you complete your thoughts and
Timothy Sackton: You, you kind of get the sense that a lot of the people who live here anything like west of Donmar is charting because that's pretty much the big city, they know
Timothy Sackton: But that doesn't necessarily mean that anybody wants from charging. There's definitely other lands to the west.
Timothy Sackton: Right and other cities.
David Schwartz: I thought in the
David Schwartz: In like the background info isn't Charlton like spreading eastward or like has this
David Schwartz: Yeah designs on a greater
David Schwartz: Empire kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: That is true.
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe he was set by charted
David Schwartz: From everything we've seen it would not be tricky to conquer Donmar
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Schwartz: Though we haven't seen that.
David Kong: You want to go talk to the happenings well
David Schwartz: I think so. My instinct is to go into the conversation with Ken gross and knowing as much as we possibly can.
David Kong: Yeah, I agree with that.
David Schwartz: Besides,
David Schwartz: We're a really good time.
David Kong: Hey,
David Schwartz: Let's
David Schwartz: Let's head to the band.
David Schwartz: Yeah, they can't off somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, their camp to sort of
Timothy Sackton: So, so there's that. There's like the the end the caravan sir I there's
Timothy Sackton: Which is like a big courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: And then like west of there there's like this, this big flat open plane where a bunch of have
Timothy Sackton: Done Mari who come in for the festival sort of setup their little family group campsite, and the half links have set up their wagons there.
Timothy Sackton: So it's not far from here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um so walking through your sort of walking through the camp. You can again, you can tell there's sort of whispers traveling out as you pass and you get the sense that news has started to spread
Timothy Sackton: Among these people here that not only have to be spin quiet and but you're the ones who did it.
Timothy Sackton: And, you know, there's a few, a few people will sort of come up and sort of say thank you and like give you a little bit of
Timothy Sackton: Like a bow.
Timothy Sackton: Greeting type thing, and then kind of back off because there are still a little bit skeptical of like the alpha, especially the ones who aren't
Timothy Sackton: villagers who aren't from Kerala, but you definitely get the sense that news is beginning to travel and and you probably won't be able to pass through that you probably won't be anonymous at the festival at this rate.
Timothy Sackton: But, you know, people don't hinder you and you sort of passive the cat. The crowd that most people seem really if there's occasional sort of, you know, from a few campsites you you know here crying and sort of sounds of sadness as as people are sort of morning
Timothy Sackton: You see in the distance Aachen, and his family and they seem fairly sober, but the half links are
Timothy Sackton: For the most part, seem pretty cheery they've they've
Timothy Sackton: They have like three wagons, and then a number three sort of goods wagons, and then a couple of
Timothy Sackton: Horses, a couple of
Timothy Sackton: Characters that they ride in. It's a pretty big group well equipped you can see just sort of as you approach there is, you know, five or six Heflin kind of sitting around the fire. Looks like they're cooking themselves dinner. One of them's
Timothy Sackton: Taken out
Timothy Sackton: Lou type instrument and is like playing kind of a jazzy upbeat tune and as they see your approach.
Timothy Sackton: You know, once you sort of
Timothy Sackton: Get within sight.
Timothy Sackton: One of them sort of stands up in waves and says,
Timothy Sackton: Huh, fellow travelers calm.
David Schwartz: Catches I and give a traditional hassling
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is
David Schwartz: Yeah, so I respond in kind. Silently
Timothy Sackton: So the, the, the sort of wine is there was like a several of them kind of hustling around
Timothy Sackton: You know, in
Timothy Sackton: Prepping
Timothy Sackton: Dinner kind of taking care of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the goods taken care of, you know, the
Timothy Sackton: The campsite. And as you approach. You can see there's like three wagons kind of a raid in the semi circle. And there's one wagon. That's kind of set a little in the back.
Timothy Sackton: Well be, can you make a perception check
David Kong: Pretty good. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perceived it
David Schwartz: Also just realized I could have been rebuilding ones, this whole time.
David Schwartz: With hassling
Timothy Sackton: Ratio. That's right. Yes. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Supposed to do that.
David Kong: General one
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Just get early on the animal.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been writing rocketry says by now.
David Schwartz: It's probably good that I didn't read that one.
Timothy Sackton: The
David Schwartz: How do I reply, just to you in
Timothy Sackton: Real time
Timothy Sackton: So the, the, the hassling he sort of comes out to greet you. Once a woman dressed in sort of
Timothy Sackton: Well, worn but bright and neatly Teller traveling close
Timothy Sackton: And she
Timothy Sackton: Hold on one sec.
David Schwartz: As we come up within the sound. I say, I started until
David Schwartz: Then they had me switched to drums, then they had me switch to cartography.
David Kong: You got quite a few skills there.
David Schwartz: It's more like the loop musical talent skips a generation maybe
David Kong: By the way, this is this is random, but none of you have ever seen like a monk like drink beer for just in general, say now.
David Schwartz: Our monks like a thing in general like or
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there are thing. I mean, like the many of the mist. Are you know the Donmar a mystery culture basically monks right there's certainly in the Donmar a religion. There's. That's what I'm
Timothy Sackton: You know, that's what the
Timothy Sackton: Sort of monkish mana monastic tradition would be as all these like mystery Colts
Timothy Sackton: I'm so she's steps forward and she you know she has kind of seems a bit a bit
Timothy Sackton: Tired like clearly has has traveled, but seems like always happy to talk to people and she introduces himself or herself. She says,
Timothy Sackton: Welcome. I'm guessing fellow travelers.
Timothy Sackton: Most of you look like you're not from around here.
Timothy Sackton: You could say dams Bree.
Timothy Sackton: Bree charm heart. Would you like to sit and chat.
David Schwartz: We would introduce each of them in turn. And then myself and say it's good, good to sit with the family.
Timothy Sackton: You too.
Timothy Sackton: It's been a long road from some bar.
David Schwartz: Bar.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed,
Timothy Sackton: Are the good barrels. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: Good.
Timothy Sackton: You tend to trade is your family. They tend, they tend to circle around the sort of safer parts of sandbar these days.
David Schwartz: Yes, and good on them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Schwartz: But
Timothy Sackton: That sounds like a bit of a boring life to me.
David Schwartz: That's why I'm here. Not there.
Timothy Sackton: There's more fun and more money.
Timothy Sackton: To be made, bringing the
Timothy Sackton: riches of of the green see far field. We've got some apple brandy some spices. Some first let's see money first
Timothy Sackton: Good wine from some bar.
Timothy Sackton: I'm guessing you're probably not here to shop.
David Schwartz: You know, listen to trade of different kinds of information.
Timothy Sackton: happy to chat.
Timothy Sackton: You have
David Schwartz: All right, if they're coming down from some bar than we probably have less useful stuff about like Tony ins.
David Schwartz: Where'd you go on to from here.
Timothy Sackton: head west Charleston.
Timothy Sackton: spend the summer and probably a good part of the winter. The good part of the
Timothy Sackton: The fall
Mike Sackton: Wait, wait.
Mike Sackton: On the coast. Where'd you come from through some bar, how'd you get here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, there is a route you can take
Timothy Sackton: stick close to the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: along the eastern side of the mountains. There's a few there's a path that comes across the
Timothy Sackton: Southern part of the mountain range follow the river down to Topeka, and then head east Harrell. We're just here for the festival, to be honest. After that will probably
Timothy Sackton: Had
Timothy Sackton: Bye back towards toke rather than down the river, maybe to pass that across the mountains along the coast Papa ship up the chart and
Timothy Sackton: See what we can get there for some of the dunmurry stuff we collect
Timothy Sackton: Hopefully with full persons and empty wagons.
Timothy Sackton: Trade the full personas for full wagons then head back across the east and then back to some part of the whole roots, maybe about a year.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Nice video there travelers.
Mike Sackton: Any other travelers up
Mike Sackton: Up the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Thirsty usually not a lot of travel.
Timothy Sackton: You'll see the the occasional
Timothy Sackton: Wanderer passing through. But to be honest, we tend to give travelers pretty wide berth in those parts.
Timothy Sackton: Not always so safe to meet a stranger so far from civilization.
David Schwartz: Have you seen the festival before
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, I've been. This is my
Timothy Sackton: Second trip on this circuit.
Timothy Sackton: It's interesting.
David Schwartz: Any tips for writing razor beats.
Timothy Sackton: Speaks
David Schwartz: Next speaks
Timothy Sackton: Ah thrill seeker.
Timothy Sackton: You probably have an advantage.
Because of your size.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on tight.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: And don't be scared.
Mike Sackton: Be careful well be, if you're
Mike Sackton: Too much of your fame spreads around town. Your odds might not be that good.
David Schwartz: Huh.
David Schwartz: To the gym to Tim
Timothy Sackton: On which
David Kong: What is this race happening.
David Kong: I'm excited for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Most people heard of this film festival so
Timothy Sackton: Um, so just after the just after the there's a
Timothy Sackton: There's the Festival of rebirth, which is
Timothy Sackton: worth seeing.
Timothy Sackton: And after the festival. There's
Timothy Sackton: A fair for a few days.
Timothy Sackton: And during the feathers games market competition. That's what we make do most of our business.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: And then she
Timothy Sackton: Sounds
Timothy Sackton: You know, our
Timothy Sackton: She looks around it, you all, and she says, is there.
Timothy Sackton: Some other thing you wanted to know or something you wanted to
Timothy Sackton: She seems to get a little bit last
Timothy Sackton: Almost like you don't know what happened. Like, maybe you said something wrong. She's a bit, a little bit less friendly says if there's anything else.
Timothy Sackton: I just like looking all your viewpoint.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look over it will be
David Kong: Making friends. I see. Well, we
David Schwartz: Don't say anything else for the moment, but I pointedly look off at the wagon in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: Oops. The backyard, everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Don't look at role 20
Timothy Sackton: Deleted
Mike Sackton: Package.
David Kong: Maybe we should start winding down soon like we're getting all again pretty tired. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You want to talk to Ken dress and then wrap up.
David Kong: Sounds like a good
David Kong: Good way to close it up.
Timothy Sackton: Um, now Bree is kind of looking at you like,
Timothy Sackton: Impatiently. Like, why are you here, I'm
David Kong: Here to torch.
David Schwartz: I'll turn back to her and say,
David Schwartz: choose my words carefully here.
David Schwartz: Is it like a full pot to speak hassling in front of non half links.
Now,
David Schwartz: I'll say to her.
David Schwartz: You're traveling with someone sick and then I'll use emphasize that with like the Heflin word for sick, like with a connotation of someone sick in spirit, not just in body which presumably there's some happening word that gets the nuance of that just right.
David Schwartz: You're traveling with someone sick.
David Schwartz: Let us help you
David Schwartz: I think the sickness that they have is a sickness that we saw just two or three days ago.
Timothy Sackton: Persuasion check with advantage because
She says,
Timothy Sackton: Why do you say this
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure that you should linger much longer here until the rest of you seem to have gotten very cold.
Huh.
David Schwartz: Three days ago in the caves north east of here beneath an abandoned stronghold.
David Schwartz: We found a staff that spoke to us in the same voice that seems to speak to your sick companion when I use again that Heflin word for sick.
David Schwartz: We managed to destroy the voice there and then
David Schwartz: But it sounds like this one still hears it
Timothy Sackton: It makes me suspicious.
David Schwartz: That it's spreading
Timothy Sackton: So as as you're
Timothy Sackton: Saying this, you, you hear
Timothy Sackton: You hear a noise and a disturbance coming from like the the wagon. That's a little bit in the back.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Returns around and you see sort of stumbling out from the wagon.
Timothy Sackton: disheveled looking hassling
Timothy Sackton: He's
Timothy Sackton: Dressed in sort of Raggedy clothes like totally unkempt hair like wild, it seems like not even slightly, you know, taking care of himself or bothering to
Timothy Sackton: To, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Pay attention to the
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Personal Hygiene or anything. And he's like, sort of looking around wildly and and he sees he sees Brie and he says,
Timothy Sackton: He's spoke to me.
Timothy Sackton: Many points that well being. And he says,
Timothy Sackton: He spoke to me.
Timothy Sackton: And then he sort of smiles on this like look of peace comes over his mind and he says the master will eat me soon.
Timothy Sackton: And then he sort of and breathe like turns around and like looks at you on says, really. Now, I think you must go and like rushes back over towards, towards him and says,
Timothy Sackton: I'm like tries to calm them down and my
Timothy Sackton: Rest rest like walking back towards the wagon.
David Schwartz: I raised my hand in this sort of conciliatory gesture and say, we'll talk again.
David Kong: Are we carrying the staff with us. We are right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Just like I mean I know we've destroyed the thing that's like, what if it still kind of, you know, activating or. Oh, no.
Mike Sackton: We really think it's the same thing.
David Schwartz: Well, so I assume we'll sort of
David Schwartz: Yeah, slowly head on.
David Schwartz: So it's a strange thing.
David Schwartz: In the wagon. This Heflin I spoke with him, he said.
David Schwartz: That someone's been talking to him. He says the master is waiting. You'll find joy with the master, the master wants you to come and join us.
David Schwartz: Over and over and over asked him to name the master and he said the master is my master, Master will consume the world and bring us joy.
David Schwartz: I asked him how he heard the masters voice. He said, it talks to me all the time, it's endless. It never stops. Maybe it's not the same thing. But I feel like that staff. I mean,
David Schwartz: When the hug and held it up.
David Kong: Yeah.
David Schwartz: It's spoken a certain way. Maybe it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Something else.
David Kong: No, I think you're onto something.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is no good. Did you have a sense of how long this guy has been in this state.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, just from looking for at him. The brief glimpse, he saw
Timothy Sackton: Seemed like
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Like he looked pale. He looks sort of unkempt definitely more than a few days.
Mike Sackton: But possibly something he picked up on the way through the eastern part of
Mike Sackton: Donmar that apparently nobody should go to
Timothy Sackton: Plausibly yes
David Schwartz: Though they came the same route that I took to get here, more or less.
Timothy Sackton: Right. True.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, more or less.
Timothy Sackton: More or less. Yes.
David Schwartz: Or, that is to say, like the route. They took
David Schwartz: Basically came straight south to Kerala, like they didn't skirt the mountains to be like far off to these
Timothy Sackton: Right.
David Schwartz: All right, well that's bizarre.
Timothy Sackton: I think you might have gone further west and come down the road to toe crime and Easter care while they might have come more directly
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, you would have gone through roughly the same.
Mike Sackton: Is it night yet.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. It's dinnertime.
David Kong: Like we were saying maybe we go talk to can dress and call it a night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should talk to congestion in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Since I wasn't real life after
Timothy Sackton: Talk to maybe the Smith and go back to the Smith and talk to can dress that man and the session.
David Kong: Right.
David Kong: You can talk to Kendra us in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if it's worth seeing. If the half links have any magical
Mike Sackton: Way, Tim, how do I whispered GN W.
Mike Sackton: Or slash WTF
Timothy Sackton: Rash W GM
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think, I think it might be wise to
Mike Sackton: Wait a bit,
Mike Sackton: Let's all go in the morning. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm
Mike Sackton: Sure.
David Kong: Why do you prefer to wait till the morning
Mike Sackton: What kinds of is that the place I believe I mentioned to you.
David Kong: Yeah.
David Kong: This
Mike Sackton: Might be worth visiting place.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's this place.
Where
Mike Sackton: Now we'll talk a little like
Mike Sackton: The conversation that the story about somebody voices talking to somebody. Seems like it kind of unnerved has you normally somewhat calm manner.
Mike Sackton: Well,
Mike Sackton: There's a rumor a story.
Mike Sackton: That people who spend the night, by the way. So there's a big waste of some town right the town's built
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like south of the where you are, like,
Timothy Sackton: In between the mesa and the
Timothy Sackton: End and everything. There's like a big always so that's been rammed with stone and it's sort of
Timothy Sackton: Tamed and use this for irrigation and drinking
Mike Sackton: And there's a story that's been told in town for many years, that if you want to know.
Mike Sackton: Something true about the future.
Mike Sackton: spend a night by the oasis.
David Kong: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like this idea. The weather's good futures weird
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong: Let's go kept by the oasis.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm dealt with it says it, he'll meet you. He's just going to go, you know, get a few
Mike Sackton: A bedroll and some things from his
David Kong: All right.
David Schwartz: Oh, we should probably tell the innkeeper we won't need those rooms tonight.
David Schwartz: Or maybe we shouldn't
Mike Sackton: Keep the rooms.
David Kong: Yeah, I don't think it matters.
Timothy Sackton: There's enough people alive, he's probably not tracking you're coming and going.
David Kong: Is it like it does the oasis have, you know, on a, like a, like, would it would it be odd to just kind of sleep there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's a bit odd. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: You know, every now there is this room around town. So every now and then somebody will like go try and get a vision or something like that, um,
Timothy Sackton: It, it requires the story is that in order to see a true thing about the future, you need to remain in meditation for the entire night without being distracted or falling asleep so many
Timothy Sackton: But few, actually, it seems like you
David Kong: Succeed.
Timothy Sackton: There are some people who say they who claim to have done it. There's always some doubt as to whether they were really able to remain focused in meditation.
Timothy Sackton: Wow. Wow.
Okay.
All right.
Timothy Sackton: Mike, I saw your message.
Timothy Sackton: I need to think about this a little bit.
Mike Sackton: Also Tim sorry To distract you with two questions at once.
Mike Sackton: Is there any rumors about what happens if you go back a second time to the oasis.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that's saying is that you get one vision.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Timothy Sackton: And that's that. But nobody really knows there's no. There are people who have claimed to have gotten to visions, but most people kind of, you know, joke joke.
Timothy Sackton: He's them and say you're just making it up at the side, you've never succeeded the sort of more like mystical rumor is that this is like a once in a lifetime thing like
Timothy Sackton: shaku and will give you one vision of your future one true thing about your future. And that's the thing you get to know
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this the moment
David Kong: Like this is not a moment.
David Kong: Please for Canada.
David Kong: Meditate for eight hours.
David Kong: I feel like this. That's something I like doing is trying to meditate for eight hours, but actually think I want to get some sleep at night.
David Schwartz: And I don't want to blow my vision of the future, just to find out that I lose the chicken race.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good to have some mystery in life. That's true. That's
David Kong: Dealt with I think I'm gonna i think i will i i'm excited about. Actually, this, this, this inner journey as long meditation that
David Kong: Like not not tonight for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Same
David Schwartz: Town.
Mike Sackton: That wealth is gonna spend the night there and
Mike Sackton: Of course welcome to not
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah.
David Schwartz: Oh, I'll stay out there, but as a lookout and curiosity seeker, you know, avoidance person rather than
David Schwartz: Meditating
David Schwartz: Keep the autograph seekers.
David Kong: Yeah, I just gotta see if I go back to the tavern and hang out with it grown
David Kong: And
David Kong: make jokes about being a drunk monkey.
Timothy Sackton: So who's sleeping. It is. It's only dealt with going to the oasis.
David Schwartz: Going to be at the oasis, but not meditating.
Okay.
David Kong: What are you doing the secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going back to the tower.
Mike Sackton: Until I don't mind a fate like visit degree to which dealt with is sort of not making a big deal about it but is happy for the rumor to get back to control, sir. Anybody else
Mike Sackton: I spent the night out there.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Well be and down with our app VOA says
Timothy Sackton: Who else and seeker and
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo are
David Kong: Covered
Eric Rosenbaum: Covered. Okay.
David Kong: Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually when I get back to the to the tavern. I'm looking through my notes of things and thinking
Eric Rosenbaum: As I so often do as I get ready for sleep about that one experience I had
Eric Rosenbaum: And then wondering
Eric Rosenbaum: If this fountain story has anything to do with the mystery cult.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or is it just a story about a fountain.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you mean the like meditate at the oasis story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry. The nothing found the oasis. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: You mean, like, was it, you know, is it associated with Chuck, I mean it's clearly associated with our current supposedly cocoon, who will give you this vision.
Timothy Sackton: cocoon. In addition to being the goddess of magic is also the goddess of prophecy
Eric Rosenbaum: Because one of the reasons that I came here in the first place was to try to probe these interconnections.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe I will go out there and join them.
David Kong: I never want to do this, but just not tonight.
David Kong: Right, like we like just got back into town yesterday and I'm fucking tired so
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm the one who ran over just to see the temple before we left out. Remember, so
Eric Rosenbaum: Very true. I'll find my way back out there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not exactly a practice meditator, though.
Mike Sackton: I sent you. One more message.
Timothy Sackton: Oh,
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: I see that as trying to send you a message.
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's
Let's move on.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I gotta think about that.
Timothy Sackton: I'm messing with my slide.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so those of you who are in the process. I see you get dinner.
Timothy Sackton: And then head out there eating something. Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Who's gonna who wants to try and meditate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Just gonna do
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna, like, sit on the stones by the edge of the water and in an effort to keep myself awake, even though I'm sitting perfectly still.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could see patterns start to appear in the stones around me colored worlds and ridges, as I meditate on my existing knowledge of the structure of the planes.
Timothy Sackton: Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: And well be. You're just gonna hit. You're just sort of hanging out watching them.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I'm going to keep watch because I want to keep. If anyone shows up, keep them from interfering. And I'm just less trustworthy oases after a recent experience.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fear.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So, you, you start to meditate, you start to like try and focus on this world and and our trying to focus on your sort of for you. It's just kind of not what you do every night just kind of going into an Elvis trance.
Timothy Sackton: The sun sets the moon rises, it gets dark.
Mike Sackton: One more note.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Ah,
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I'm sitting here early.
Mike Sackton: I don't think
Timothy Sackton: I'm fairly late at night.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 1030 11pm as as you start to
Timothy Sackton: Struggling to kind of keep yourself from drifting off to sleep.
Timothy Sackton: Well be you see somebody walking across the oasis from the temple towards you.
Mike Sackton: Like across the water
Timothy Sackton: Not across the water now sigh across the plaza right coming out of the temple.
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be heading straight for you.
David Schwartz: Oh, start going towards them.
David Schwartz: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You can tell that it's can dress.
Timothy Sackton: And he kind of looks around
Timothy Sackton: At you and then it your to companions. What, what are you doing out here so late at night.
David Schwartz: They're
David Schwartz: Arresting
David Schwartz: I'm keeping people from bothering them.
David Schwartz: I said with a broad smile.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of gives you a flat lucky says
Timothy Sackton: I think there's much we must discuss I was expecting. I heard news. Have you returned it was expecting your
Timothy Sackton: Visit
Timothy Sackton: Think we better speak now I've had some
Timothy Sackton: Had a message.
David Schwartz: Tense background music just Earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man.
David Schwartz: Judging the system. I am not going to be able to successfully convince him to leave these guys alone. I can't imagine that I possibly could.
Timothy Sackton: You can try.
Timothy Sackton: It. He's like, looking around again he says, Where's the Kenza, whereas the, the fourth one of your party.
David Schwartz: I think he was going for a drink. Last time I saw him. I say as vaguely as possible.
Timothy Sackton: Crumbs
David Schwartz: Yeah. Do you want us to meet you there. Should we meet you at the temple, what's what's good for you.
Timothy Sackton: Again, looks at you, kind of like
Timothy Sackton: He's not smiling. He's like, you know, stop joking around. And he says, yes, please fetch him, and then he like walks over to secret kind of shake some awakened sounds
Timothy Sackton: Dwarf out, we must speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: I get to my feet. You must be converse.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've heard a lot about you. It's good to meet you.
Timothy Sackton: Know you met him, he was at the in the first session. He spoke with you briefly when you are, um,
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we didn't meet him.
Timothy Sackton: Right after the heinous attack him and Kesa both came
David Kong: To me from you.
Timothy Sackton: I thought, while he was going to do that.
David Schwartz: Yeah, I'm gonna take orders from him.
Timothy Sackton: You're not okay he's
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you.
David Schwartz: Well, I'm gonna wait and check in with with my companions. I don't
David Schwartz: Care what mysteries, you'd have humans so boss me around.
David Schwartz: So I make eye contact with the two of you. Shall I go get kinds of
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like a habit. Yeah, the best
David Schwartz: Very good.
David Schwartz: head off to get cancer.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
David Schwartz: When I find you in the in Ken's I'm like can dress it found us and he is super a dick.
David Kong: 1030
Timothy Sackton: It's like 1030
David Kong: Kansas definitely like drunk is like
David Kong: He is kind of like what
David Kong: Is
David Schwartz: Happening right now. There's an old Catholic solution for this bring these three eggs and to stick
David Kong: Give us Man three eggs on a stick.
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's, like, also, it comes. Also, he has been like, you know, drinking with you and telling story. Yes. Yeah. He's also a bit um
Timothy Sackton: You know,
David Kong: I like to shout at
David Kong: Them like he's like
David Kong: Sitting at a
Table.
Timothy Sackton: Is like also, you know, to see. It's the wind, and he turns around and he shouts like out the empty chair next to him like he's about to sounds like
Timothy Sackton: There's no one there.
You
David Kong: Your room.
Timothy Sackton: And he gets up and he likes.
Timothy Sackton: Tigers over and he says,
David Kong: The happenings that
David Kong: Brings in a stick.
Timothy Sackton: He like bring three raw eggs in their shells to you and
Timothy Sackton: grabs a 10 year quarter staff from next to you.
Timothy Sackton: And have
David Kong: A good state can
Timothy Sackton: Have that to
Timothy Sackton: Colby and says, this is a pretty big stick for athletes.
Timothy Sackton: That's gonna do
David Kong: Well be
David Schwartz: A good
Timothy Sackton: Heads you the three eggs.
David Schwartz: I say give him the eggs, put an egg in each hand, put it in your mouth and then I pick up the staff, which is well more than twice my size.
David Schwartz: And just start whacking you
David Schwartz: Pull yourself together, we
David Schwartz: Come on.
David Kong: I can so it takes to exit.
David Kong: Maybe one of them hits, actually I should
Timothy Sackton: Make an attack, but with this event.
David Kong: Where, how do I do an egg attack. How does that work.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just roll a D 25
Timothy Sackton: But role twice and take the role the lowest
David Kong: I roll the 20
David Kong: Oh, nice.
Oh no, it's advantage.
David Kong: Or disadvantage by
Mike Sackton: Know you roll again all
Timothy Sackton: Twice and take the lower one.
Okay.
David Kong: You thought you did.
Timothy Sackton: A nine does not head so
David Kong: All right, I'm throwing I'm throwing to more exited really quick.
Timothy Sackton: I got
David Schwartz: 20 like to thank you through it squarely into the chest of whereas
Timothy Sackton: You know assassin would be
David Kong: COC
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: The note that says
David Kong: God damn it. So,
David Schwartz: over my head.
Down.
David Schwartz: Here.
Timothy Sackton: All three of them.
David Kong: So angry. I just like grabbed a stab at her hand. I'm like, all right, what are we doing
David Schwartz: All right.
David Kong: I'll be back.
David Schwartz: We're going to go tough to mystery.
So,
Timothy Sackton: Seeker and and deal with as you are waiting
Timothy Sackton: Like writing
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: A man walks out of the temple, like after can dress. I was headed back and like rides past you on a horse, he seems like
Timothy Sackton: You haven't seen really too many people who seem
Timothy Sackton: Like skilled warriors like well armored and well equipped. But this guy definitely seems like that, like, He's young. He's like, boss. He's got a spear and armor and like just Gallup's across the
Timothy Sackton: The comment. He comes out of the temple and then gallops across the plaza and heads.
Timothy Sackton: heads out of town for
Timothy Sackton: Our actual away from the oasis like towards the end.
Timothy Sackton: Away from the oasis.
Timothy Sackton: I need to see this.
Timothy Sackton: See this guy also like barrel past you well being and Kenzo as you're coming out of the end heading basically to like the area where people are camping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Mike Sackton: Any magic. By the way, I'm King Josiah this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there was magic on this guy. No on can dress up
David Kong: Alright, so I'm just kind of like I've got my staff leaning heavily on and just sort of like stumbling with wealthy trying to get myself like
David Kong: Together a little bit here.
Timothy Sackton: So you all sort of gather in the Oasis and I and sort of head into the
Timothy Sackton: Into the temple, I presume,
Timothy Sackton: And the first like the entry can dresses like waiting in the
Timothy Sackton: In the entry room of the
Timothy Sackton: Of the, sort of, so there's like this, this
Timothy Sackton: Monastery this building is carved into the side of this cliff of this red Mesa, which is like towering quite a ways above you, right, like hundreds of feet above you.
Timothy Sackton: But there's an area that sticks out and there's like a few small chambers and things like that and
Timothy Sackton: There's like an entryway and you can see deeper in there's you can see there's like what you feel like is large open space behind you inside the
Timothy Sackton: Mesa, but he he sort of leads you to a little bit of a side room where there are some chairs in a table that you can see that and he when he sees you all there and he sees that he you know clearly interrupted tonight. He does you know seem slightly apologetic and
Timothy Sackton: You know, looks at you all and says,
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disrupt your night.
Timothy Sackton: Like that.
Timothy Sackton: I was just
Timothy Sackton: Needing the news from your
Timothy Sackton: Travel travels. I've heard of course from Pisa, and from others that you are
Timothy Sackton: You are able to destroy the thing that seemed to have been causing
Timothy Sackton: The troubles, we had
Timothy Sackton: But since then, I've received
Timothy Sackton: several pieces of news that suggests that
Timothy Sackton: This may not be as simple as we thought.
David Kong: Kenza just takes the staff out like the iron staff and just like throws it on the table. He's like,
David Kong: That's what we destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of looks at that and he says,
Timothy Sackton: What is this
David Kong: You thought you would know more than us.
Mike Sackton: artifact, a great war we think
David Schwartz: There was a gentleman top of it, which we destroy
Obsidian
Timothy Sackton: Um, he
Timothy Sackton: He, he looks at it and he says,
Timothy Sackton: I have studied a bit of bit of our history.
Timothy Sackton: It does seem
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps from the Great War. What, what, why did you say it. Why do you think it was from the Great War.
David Schwartz: Can I guess this feels like a weird reaction.
Timothy Sackton: This doesn't look to me.
Mike Sackton: you misunderstand me which side of the Great War. Did you think I was referring to.
Timothy Sackton: Our side.
Mike Sackton: Know,
Mike Sackton: That sort of artifact.
David Kong: Do you recognize these ruins these writings, Kendra, so
Timothy Sackton: I do not
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: The creature
Mike Sackton: The reanimated Dad, that was wielding. This was clearly a follower of my
Timothy Sackton: He looks a bit taken aback up
I
Timothy Sackton: Thought that was ancient history.
David Schwartz: I'll speak telepathically to each of the three of you, in turn, just very quickly. He's hiding something.
David Kong: Where are you hiding
David Kong: Takes like
David Kong: What are you hiding
David Schwartz: In so takes the direct path.
Timothy Sackton: He, he actually almost looks
Timothy Sackton: Not relieved, but not surprised that you said that I know and he sort of size a little bit. And he says, I must himself sort of looking off into space, the four of you.
Timothy Sackton: Such an unusual group to see these days, a dwarf an alpha half Ling
Timothy Sackton: And a human meeting when you did and coming here for different reasons but arriving
Timothy Sackton: Just exactly in time.
Timothy Sackton: Seems like it cannot be a coincidence, some sort of hand of fate is that work here.
Timothy Sackton: But whether to aid us or for some other purpose. I cannot see.
Timothy Sackton: And watch it trust you.
Timothy Sackton: It seems he's not Claire seems like he's talking to himself, or just do you say that, who is us.
David Kong: Yeah, US Kendall is not much of a filter right now so
Eric Rosenbaum: This is
Mike Sackton: The most important in character of
David Kong: A man. I want to do this in the morning. Right.
David Kong: What's my strategy.
Timothy Sackton: I want to trust you.
Timothy Sackton: I wish I could trust you, but I don't know if I should
Timothy Sackton: What brought you all here again.
Timothy Sackton: How did you meet
David Schwartz: We met on the battlefield.
David Schwartz: I mean, when that attack came each of us ran toward
Timothy Sackton: Least you ran toward it.
Timothy Sackton: But why were you here. Why did such as unusual group of people end up in our little village.
Eric Rosenbaum: Personally
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm on a quest for understanding
Eric Rosenbaum: I heard about the mysteries that you explore here from 1000 miles away, and made my way here because maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: You could help me find some answers to make some some connections between the worlds that I've explored.
Timothy Sackton: He looks
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of
Let's say
Timothy Sackton: He looks at you and he seems to be sort of
Timothy Sackton: Almost trying to peer like into your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Any
Timothy Sackton: Side. He like
Timothy Sackton: Almost Bree is a bit easier. And he says,
Timothy Sackton: At least the dwarf seems honest.
Timothy Sackton: You must understand from my point of view. Well, I am grateful for your aid. All of you are strangers to this town.
Timothy Sackton: You ask what I'm hiding
Timothy Sackton: I must know if there's anything
You are hiding first
David Schwartz: I'll say
David Schwartz: You know, I didn't come here for any dramatic reason or seeking adventure.
David Schwartz: I spent my whole life in and around some Bara, and all I wanted to do was find the Empty Places on the map. There's not a lot of empty places in samsara their whole lot down this way.
Timothy Sackton: There are indeed Empty Places on our border.
Timothy Sackton: Well, perhaps not empty, but empty on a map.
Timothy Sackton: And he he
Timothy Sackton: Looks at you all, and he says,
Timothy Sackton: Are you willing to trust me.
Timothy Sackton: For a moment.
Mike Sackton: Hold on a second.
David Kong: It's about a question for you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I just asked you a question.
David Kong: I'm going to do it in the zoom chat up really quick.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Wait, are you asking me a question to Kong.
David Kong: Yeah, and it
David Kong: Would be easy one.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it's that should be on your character sheet. It's in your backstory, go to
David Kong: Look at me. Find that
Timothy Sackton: Go to like notes and then backstory.
Timothy Sackton: Sweet.
All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Missing
David Kong: A lot looks at Kendra and it's like
David Kong: I didn't want to meet you. Under these circumstances, I apologize.
David Kong: burps loudly, what
David Kong: What I had been looking for you can dress up for for for a little bit of time.
David Kong: I was sent here by by Speaker Laura and
David Kong: You're actually the reason why I'm here.
David Kong: So,
David Kong: Hopefully we can talk more later but
David Kong: Not my best moment right now. I apologize.
Mike Sackton: Looks just like a little bit almost like he's not meditating, exactly, but like he's not he's kind of staring off into space. He's not exactly paying attention to the conversation. He looks like he's kind of maybe even thought
Mike Sackton: After a minute. He kind of looks up at
Mike Sackton: Him and says,
Mike Sackton: I've been looking for answers.
Mike Sackton: For what happens to be for some time now and I had hoped that
Mike Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: The mysteries of Chicago would help find these answers.
Mike Sackton: So it's been quite
Elusive
Mike Sackton: You have been quite elusive in the town.
Mike Sackton: And do not share your wisdom willingly or easily
Timothy Sackton: A kind of size and size.
Timothy Sackton: I asked again.
Timothy Sackton: Please will you trust me.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay. You see, I'm starting to cast
Right.
David Kong: Away. Okay. Yes. What's going on here.
David Kong: Tim I do a
David Kong: Perception check
Timothy Sackton: Insight you mean
David Kong: It's a
Timothy Sackton: Perception. Yeah. Insight insight.
Eric Rosenbaum: seems great
Ah,
It's like a new drug
David Kong: All right you guys trust him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. He says, Please don't be alarmed and he starts
Timothy Sackton: Takes out like
Timothy Sackton: amulet that He clutches in his hand, and he starts mattering a chance in a language that you don't
Timothy Sackton: That you don't understand under his breath just quietly like almost like nonsense words and this
Timothy Sackton: Energy starts to move out from him.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: You feel
Timothy Sackton: As it passes through you. This like wave of
Timothy Sackton: Of magic.
Timothy Sackton: Like sweeping around a 15 foot circle that surrounds all of you, but but not him.
Timothy Sackton: He's kind of zone of truth.
Timothy Sackton: So while you are in the the 15 foot circle. I mean, you can
Timothy Sackton: Attempt to resist it, if you want to, although
Timothy Sackton: It lasts for 10 minutes and you'll eventually fail.
Timothy Sackton: While you're inside the zone of truth, you
Timothy Sackton: cannot respond to any questions with a lie. You can choose not to answer them, but you
cannot tell a lie.
Timothy Sackton: And he relaxes a moment as this spell kind of washes over
Timothy Sackton: Everybody, and he says, before I say anything more.
Timothy Sackton: I need to know
Timothy Sackton: Do you have
Timothy Sackton: The interests of carwash
Timothy Sackton: In your heart.
Timothy Sackton: Will you a das
Timothy Sackton: Or will you hinder us
David Kong: What have we been doing here this whole time.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just trying to
David Kong: Think it's been a
Timothy Sackton: need us. You just state.
Clearly,
That will say,
David Kong: Help
Mike Sackton: That all those who are
Mike Sackton: delis will say,
Mike Sackton: Since I joined
Mike Sackton: The battle against Shema 300 years ago.
Mike Sackton: I've always been
Mike Sackton: I've always hated
Mike Sackton: Those
Mike Sackton: who oppose
The forces of evil.
Mike Sackton: If that is you
Mike Sackton: Then yes
Mike Sackton: I will he
Timothy Sackton: Seems to
Timothy Sackton: Relax, as you all
Timothy Sackton: As you all sort of answer and
Timothy Sackton: He knows the spell that that nobody is hiding anything
Timothy Sackton: And he says, then
Timothy Sackton: Like his, his whole demeanor changes and he seems
Timothy Sackton: Almost like he was just carrying this like nervousness intention and he he then says he asked you how much do you know about the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: I guess some of you know quite a bad
Mike Sackton: Day. Were you listening to buy. I don't say there's a character, but what are you listening to my sentence. One sentence.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: But you may not know so much of the app. Aftermath here.
Timothy Sackton: Well, great evil was defeated done mart software was in chaos, many, many have died, including
Timothy Sackton: Most of our strongest warriors.
Timothy Sackton: Our leaders are heroes.
Timothy Sackton: And all of the great an enemy was dead.
Timothy Sackton: The mystical plague of His creation was still spreading and the land.
Timothy Sackton: Was rocked by upheavals and destruction.
Timothy Sackton: It was a very desperate time for the Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: And we lost much
Timothy Sackton: Only over the only over the next few
Eric Rosenbaum: Generations where
Timothy Sackton: We able to slowly recover.
Timothy Sackton: Claw.
Timothy Sackton: Our way back from the brink of destruction.
Timothy Sackton: And during this time cocoon blessed us with her power.
Timothy Sackton: And through her aid, we were able to create defenses along our borders. Great Magic of hiding and protection.
Timothy Sackton: Such that those evil creatures that would do us harm found themselves lost in the desert.
Timothy Sackton: Unable to find a way forward, unable to make their way past
Timothy Sackton: Into terawatt into
Timothy Sackton: The heart of Dunbar
Timothy Sackton: But now,
Timothy Sackton: For reasons, I do not understand Chicago and seems to have abandoned us
Timothy Sackton: These attacks that started
Timothy Sackton: Three and a half, four weeks ago.
Timothy Sackton: Signal to me that something must be wrong.
Timothy Sackton: Even these beasts.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to have unnatural rage in their
Timothy Sackton: Hearts and the
Timothy Sackton: Evil, they brought
Timothy Sackton: Was not deterred by these protections
Timothy Sackton: They have just heard news of even worse danger.
Timothy Sackton: rampaging creatures half
Timothy Sackton: Human half hyena.
Timothy Sackton: Have been fought
Timothy Sackton: Just south of here.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Have dar has just come from a, from a battle.
Timothy Sackton: On this side of the border.
Timothy Sackton: Again, this could not have happened to she was still watching over us.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know what has changed. I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: Why these dangers.
Timothy Sackton: spill over our borders now.
Timothy Sackton: There are some mysteries.
Timothy Sackton: Of the chatroom oracle that are even kept from me.
Timothy Sackton: But if this if Chicago has really abandoned us and these ancient defenses have have really fallen.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: Frankly, terrified for the future of Donmar
Timothy Sackton: Well, I do not know what to do about it yet.
Timothy Sackton: I would
Timothy Sackton: From the bottom of my heart.
Timothy Sackton: beg you to come to our aid at this moment if Chicago and cannot protect us, we will have to rely on more mundane forces.
Timothy Sackton: Any sort of
Timothy Sackton: Pauses any
Timothy Sackton: Closes eyes, briefly, and he says,
Timothy Sackton: I wish I could talk to you under better circumstances you especially Kenzo I
Timothy Sackton: I wish I could
Timothy Sackton: Help you understand what you're seeking
Timothy Sackton: Secret to I know many of you have come here with questions dealt with about
Timothy Sackton: Your past, but
Timothy Sackton: Right now.
Timothy Sackton: Sure Kuhn is gone.
Timothy Sackton: And I don't know what to do.
David Kong: That, again, I feel like that's the name of our group Monday enforces
David Kong: Man.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's ironic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I met a
Eric Rosenbaum: We met
We saw
David Schwartz: A happening tonight.
David Schwartz: Among the caravan.
David Schwartz: Who was raised, who heard voices speaking
David Schwartz: unceasingly in his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now relate back the
Stuff that he was saying.
David Schwartz: It seems connected, though I can't say how
He then
Timothy Sackton: He then he sort of I
Timothy Sackton: Closes eyes again one more.
Timothy Sackton: For the last I had not heard that rumor, you may not have heard, but
Timothy Sackton: I've also received reports of a
Timothy Sackton: Lightning Storm that will not end
Timothy Sackton: To the Northeast.
Timothy Sackton: And of course the rampaging humanoid hyenas. To the south.
Timothy Sackton: It seems in all directions, our borders are be sat
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: Cannot be happening.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks like like really honestly terrified. He says,
Timothy Sackton: He like offers almost like offers up a prayer and is like cocoon.
Timothy Sackton: If it's something we did if it's something I did.
Timothy Sackton: Just give me assign
Timothy Sackton: Why have you left us
Timothy Sackton: And then it sort of
goes quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Sign
David Schwartz: Well, I turned back to the three of us say
David Schwartz: To be honest,
David Schwartz: I would love to go to any of those places. Never Ending lightning storm. That sounds amazing.
David Schwartz: How you met people
David Schwartz: I've never heard of this. And granted, this is all a horrible tragedy.
David Schwartz: I'm in for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm in for
Mike Sackton: Yes, but
Mike Sackton: How can we help
Mike Sackton: Is going in looking at unending whitening gonna solve anything.
David Kong: Well, I'm sorry, guys, I'm just a little bit annoyed right now that we were put in some kind of a circle of truth.
David Kong: To test whether or not we were
David Kong: Going to be pot do something positive for this town. And we spent the last eight days trucking through desert.
David Kong: Trying to kill some
David Kong: Like staff.
David Kong: Like city in mind control hobgoblin fighting off these hyenas trying to save as many filters, as we possibly can. And this is the main question that's being asked of us is whether or not we care about the people here it's a little frustrating. Sorry to say
David Kong: I got the answer, Kendra. So again, I'm sorry, but
Timothy Sackton: Kendra said
David Schwartz: You forgot this don't chickens.
David Kong: And
Timothy Sackton: He looks
Timothy Sackton: He looks like a bit embarrassed and
Timothy Sackton: He says,
Timothy Sackton: I understand Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Just it's the town new
Timothy Sackton: If the people knew
Timothy Sackton: Especially just before the festival
Timothy Sackton: There would be panic.
That would be
Timothy Sackton: Disaster.
Timothy Sackton: Here's the thing. I'm counting on us to protect them for generations.
David Schwartz: What's going to happen at the festival. If she doesn't
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
David Schwartz: Show up and
Timothy Sackton: Well, the Festival of rebirth is not chicken. It's Java. It's one of like part of the main
Eric Rosenbaum: He says,
Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: It's late.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps it would make sense to discuss in the morning with
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I forget his name.
Timothy Sackton: I just said is
Timothy Sackton: Actually making the morning
Timothy Sackton: It would make sense to discuss with half dar in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Find out more.
Timothy Sackton: Of what he knows
Timothy Sackton: Before we
Timothy Sackton: making any decisions about what might be helpful to do
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: And he kind of
Timothy Sackton: Like looks at you all again he says
It is
Timothy Sackton: I must say
Eric Rosenbaum: A relief.
Timothy Sackton: to confide in somebody
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what to do to keep the
Timothy Sackton: Town safe.
Timothy Sackton: To keep Donmar safe.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: At least through the festival, knowing that
Timothy Sackton: You are here.
Timothy Sackton: And you are watching
Timothy Sackton: Would give me great relief.
Timothy Sackton: It seems there are many mysteries on our
Borders.
Timothy Sackton: News. News of this hassling
Timothy Sackton: makes me nervous.
Timothy Sackton: And there will be time
Timothy Sackton: In the week before the festival to discuss these more
But now,
Timothy Sackton: It is late and
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps rest would be the
Timothy Sackton: right decision.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: I agree with that sentiment, Kendra said
David Kong: I personally apologize for not meeting you under better circumstances, but I think I'll have a better wits about myself on the morning
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong: Just like gets up and it just starts just like
Timothy Sackton: He, he says.
Timothy Sackton: Before you go
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: I am sorry for
The circumstances.
Timothy Sackton: And he sort of reaches around and he
Timothy Sackton: Grabs from like a out of a pouch.
Timothy Sackton: tied around his waist like for small like this sized vials that seemed to contain like mud.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: But that doesn't dry out that just kind of stays mud and he says,
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: As a token of my good faith and as a token of things.
Timothy Sackton: Take these, they will heal you should do that enhance
Eric Rosenbaum: Each of you.
David Kong: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
I am
Timothy Sackton: I am sorry for how the
Timothy Sackton: Past few months have been but
Timothy Sackton: You must understand this is
Timothy Sackton: Generations.
Timothy Sackton: That a town has looked to us as their guardians and has trusted shaku
Timothy Sackton: Something has changed recently something. I don't know what but
Timothy Sackton: This can't be
Timothy Sackton: This can't be coincidence.
Timothy Sackton: This can't just happen for no reason.
Timothy Sackton: And we will talk more in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: Please.
Timothy Sackton: And he sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like bows apart.
Timothy Sackton: Almost apologetically, and
Timothy Sackton: A little bit again a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Relieved, and I'm still a bit
Timothy Sackton: You know you can you can tell he's not like
Timothy Sackton: You know, he wishes he again he wishes circumstances could have
Timothy Sackton: Been different
Timothy Sackton: And he was just quite
Timothy Sackton: Nervous about
Timothy Sackton: The town.
Timothy Sackton: And the whole border.
Timothy Sackton: And I think with that.
Timothy Sackton: We should call it a night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
David Schwartz: Cool.